THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
PART I
ITEM 1. Business 2
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 17
ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 27
ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity 27
ITEM 2. Properties 28
ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 29
ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 29
Information About our Executive Officers 29
PART II
ITEM 5. Market for the Company’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities 31
ITEM 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 32
ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 57
ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 58
ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 58
ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 58
ITEM 9B. Other Information 59
ITEM 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 59
PART III
ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 60
ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 60
ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 60
ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 60
ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 60
PART IV
ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 61
ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 65
SIGNATURES 66
Consolidated Financial Information — The Walt Disney Company 67

PART I
ITEM 1. Business
The Walt Disney Company, together with the subsidiaries through which businesses are conducted (the Company), is a
diversified worldwide entertainment company with operations in three segments: Entertainment, Sports and Experiences.
The terms “Company”, “we”, “our” and “us” are used in this report to refer collectively to the parent company and the
subsidiaries through which businesses are conducted.
ENTERTAINMENT
The Entertainment segment generally encompasses the Company’s non-sports focused global film and episodic content
production and distribution activities.
The lines of business within Entertainment along with their significant business activities include the following:
• Linear Networks
◦ Domestic: ABC Television Network (ABC Network); Disney, Freeform, FX and National Geographic (owned 73%
by the Company) branded television channels; and eight owned ABC television stations
◦ International: Disney, FX, National Geographic (owned 73% by the Company) and Star branded general
entertainment television channels outside of the U.S.
◦ A 50% equity investment in A+E Television Networks (A+E), which operates cable channels including A&E,
HISTORY and Lifetime
• Direct-to-Consumer
◦ Disney+: a global direct-to-consumer (DTC) service that primarily offers general entertainment and family
programming
◦ Disney+ Hotstar: a DTC service primarily in India that offers general entertainment, family and sports
programming.
◦ Hulu: a U.S. DTC service that offers general entertainment and family programming and a digital over-the-top
(OTT) service that includes live linear streams of various cable and broadcast networks. See Note 2 of the
Consolidated Financial Statements for information on Hulu ownership.
• Content Sales/Licensing
◦ Theatrical distribution
◦ Sale/licensing of film and episodic content to television and video-on-demand (TV/VOD) services
◦ Home entertainment distribution: electronic home video licenses, video-on-demand rentals and sales of DVD/Blu-
ray discs
◦ Intersegment allocation of revenues from the Experiences segment, which is meant to reflect royalties on consumer
products merchandise licensing revenues generated on intellectual property (IP) created by the Entertainment
segment
◦ Staging and licensing of live entertainment events on Broadway and around the world (Stage Plays)
◦ Music distribution
◦ Post-production services by Industrial Light & Magic and Skywalker Sound
Entertainment also includes the following activities that are reported with Content Sales/Licensing:
• National Geographic magazine and online business (owned 73% by the Company)
• A 30% ownership interest in Tata Play Limited, which operates a direct-to-home satellite distribution platform in India
The significant revenues of Entertainment are as follows:
• Subscription fees - Fees charged to customers/subscribers for our DTC streaming services
• Advertising - Sales of advertising time/space
• Affiliate fees - Fees charged to multi-channel video programming distributors (i.e. cable, satellite, telecommunications
and digital OTT service providers) (MVPDs) for the right to deliver our programming to their customers. Linear
Networks also generates revenues from fees charged to television stations affiliated with ABC Network.
• Theatrical distribution - Rentals from licensing our films to theaters
• TV/VOD distribution - Licensing fees for the right to use our film and episodic content
2

The number of subscribers (in millions) for the significant domestic branded channels are as follows:
Subscribers(1)
Disney Channel 66
Freeform 55
FX 67
National Geographic 66
(1) Based on Nielsen Media Research estimates as of September 2024. Estimates include traditional MVPD and the
majority of digital OTT subscriber counts.
Domestic Television Stations
The Company owns eight television stations, six of which are located in the top ten television household markets in the
U.S. Our television stations collectively reach approximately 20% of U.S. television households.
The stations we own are as follows:
Television Market
TV Station Market Ranking(1)
WABC New York, NY 1
KABC Los Angeles, CA 2
WLS Chicago, IL 3
WPVI Philadelphia, PA 4
KTRK Houston, TX 6
KGO San Francisco, CA 10
WTVD Raleigh-Durham, NC 22
KFSN Fresno, CA 52
(1) Based on Nielsen Media Research, U.S. Television Household Estimates, January 1, 2024
International Linear Networks
International Linear Networks use content from the Company’s various studios, including library titles, as well as content
acquired from third parties. The Company operates approximately 265 general entertainment and family channels outside the
U.S. in approximately 40 languages and 175 countries/territories.
General Entertainment
General Entertainment channels include FX, National Geographic and Star branded channels, which air a variety of
scripted, reality and documentary programming. As of September 2024, the estimated number of unique subscribers for our
general entertainment channels, based on internal management reports, was approximately 240 million.
Family
Family channels include Disney Channel and Disney Junior, which air a variety of animated and live action original series
and movies targeted to kids ages 2 to 14. As of September 2024, the estimated number of unique subscribers for our family
channels, based on internal management reports, was approximately 200 million.
Equity Investments
The most significant equity investment at Linear Networks is A+E. The Company’s share of A+E’s financial results are
reported as “Equity in the income of investees” in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income.
A+E is owned 50% by the Company and 50% by Hearst. A+E operates a variety of cable channels, including:
• A&E – which offers entertainment programming including original reality and documentary programming
• HISTORY – which offers original unscripted series and event-driven specials
• Lifetime – which offers programming targeted to women
The number of domestic subscribers, based on Nielsen Media Research estimates as of September 2024, are 58 million for
each of A&E, HISTORY and Lifetime and include traditional MVPD and the majority of digital OTT subscriber counts. A+E
programming is available in approximately 200 countries and territories.
4

Direct-to-Consumer
Disney+, Disney+ Hotstar and Hulu are subscription services that provide video streaming of the Company’s general
entertainment and family programming and similar programming from third parties. Outside the U.S., Disney+ and Disney+
Hotstar also include international sports programming. The services are offered individually or in various bundles, which may
include ESPN+ (see Sports segment discussion), to customers directly or through third-party distributors on mobile and internet
connected devices. The majority of Direct-to-Consumer revenue is derived from subscription fees and advertising.
Disney+ and Disney+ Hotstar
Disney+ is a subscription-based DTC service with Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars and National Geographic branded
programming, which are all top-level selections or “tiles” within the Disney+ interface. In the U.S., subscribers to both Disney+
and Hulu may access certain Hulu programming through a tile on Disney+. Outside the U.S., Disney+ includes a Star branded
tile, which features general entertainment programming. In Latin America, Disney+ includes an ESPN branded tile, which
features a variety of sports content including live events. The Company plans to launch an ESPN branded tile on Disney+ in the
U.S. in early fiscal 2025.
In certain Latin American countries prior to July 2024, we offered Disney+ as well as Star+, a standalone service with a
variety of general entertainment and family content and live sports programming. At the end of June 2024, we merged these
services into a single Disney+ product offering.
As of September 28, 2024, the estimated number of paid Disney+ subscribers, based on internal management reports, was
approximately 123 million.
Disney+ Hotstar is a subscription-based DTC service available in India, Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand. Programming
includes television shows, movies, sports and original series in approximately 10 languages, in addition to gaming and social
features. Disney+ Hotstar has exclusive streaming rights to certain cricket programming.
As of September 28, 2024, the estimated number of paid Disney+ Hotstar subscribers, based on internal management
reports, was approximately 36 million.
Disney+ and Disney+ Hotstar offer content from the Company’s various studios, including library titles, as well as content
acquired from third parties.
The majority of Disney+ and Disney+ Hotstar revenue is derived from subscription fees and, to a lesser extent,
advertising. The Company offers an ad-supported Disney+ service in the U.S., Canada and select Latin American and European
markets.
Hulu
Hulu is a domestic subscription-based DTC service with general entertainment content from the Company’s various
studios as well as content licensed from third parties. Hulu’s revenue is derived from subscription fees and advertising. Hulu
offers subscription video-on-demand (SVOD) services with or without advertising in addition to a digital OTT MVPD (Live
TV) service. The Live TV service is available with either of Hulu’s SVOD services and includes live linear streams of various
cable and broadcast networks. In addition, Hulu offers subscriptions to premium services such as Max, Cinemax, Starz and
Paramount+ with Showtime, which can be added to the Hulu service. Certain programming from ABC Network, Freeform and
FX Channels is also available on the Hulu SVOD service one day after the linear airing on these channels. As of September 28,
2024, the estimated number of paid Hulu subscribers, based on internal management reports, was approximately 52 million.
Content Sales/Licensing and Other
The majority of Content Sales/Licensing revenue is derived from TV/VOD, theatrical and home entertainment
distribution. In addition, revenue is generated from music distribution, stage plays and post-production services through
Industrial Light & Magic and Skywalker Sound.
The Company also publishes National Geographic magazine, which is reported with Content Sales/Licensing.
TV/VOD Distribution
We license our content to third-party television networks, television stations and other video service providers for
distribution to viewers on television or a variety of internet-connected devices, including through other DTC services.
Theatrical Distribution
The Company licenses full-length live-action and animated films to theaters globally. Cumulatively through
September 28, 2024, the Company has released approximately 1,100 full-length live-action films and 100 full-length animated
films. In the domestic and most major international markets, we generally distribute and market our films directly. In certain
international markets our films are distributed by independent companies. In some territories, certain films may be exclusively
distributed on our DTC streaming services. During fiscal 2025, we expect to release approximately 15 films.
5

The Company incurs significant marketing and advertising costs before and throughout the theatrical release of a film in
an effort to generate public awareness of the film, to increase the public’s intent to view the film and to help generate consumer
interest in the subsequent home entertainment and other ancillary markets. These costs are expensed as incurred, which may
result in a loss on a film in the theatrical markets, including in periods prior to the theatrical release of the film.
Home Entertainment Distribution
The Company’s film and episodic content is sold in both electronic (home video license and video-on-demand rentals)
and physical (DVD and Blu-ray disc) formats. We distribute through e-tailers such as Apple and Amazon, and MVPDs, such as
Comcast and DirecTV, for electronic distribution. We have licensed the rights for physical distribution to third parties who
generally sell to retailers, such as Walmart and Amazon.
Physical distribution of film content in the home entertainment window generally starts within three months after the
theatrical release. Electronic formats are typically available approximately two to ten weeks ahead of the physical release. We
also license titles to video-on-demand e-tailers within five weeks after physical home entertainment distribution.
Distribution of episodic content in the home entertainment window includes electronic sales of season passes that can be
purchased prior to, during and after the broadcast season with individual episodes typically available to season pass customers
shortly after the initial airing of the show in each territory. Access to individual episodes is also available for electronic
purchase shortly after the initial airing in each territory.
Disney Theatrical Group
Disney Theatrical Group develops, produces and licenses live entertainment events on Broadway and around the world.
Productions include The Lion King, Aladdin, Frozen and Beauty and the Beast.
Disney Theatrical Group also licenses the Company’s IP to Feld Entertainment, the producer of Disney On Ice.
Disney Music Group
The Disney Music Group encompasses all aspects of the Company’s music commercialization and marketing including:
recorded music (Walt Disney Records and Hollywood Records); music publishing; and concerts. Disney Music Group
distributes music both physically and digitally and also licenses music throughout the world in various forms of media,
including: television; print; gaming; and consumer products.
Equity Investment
The Company has a 30% effective interest in Tata Play Limited, which operates a direct-to-home satellite distribution
platform in India.
Content Production and Acquisition
Produced content primarily consists of original films and episodic programs and network news and daytime/late night
programming. Licensed content includes acquired episodic programming rights, movies and specials. Original content is
generally produced under the following banners: Disney Branded Television; FX Productions; Lucasfilm; Marvel; National
Geographic Studios; Pixar; Searchlight Pictures; Twentieth Century Studios; 20th Television; and Walt Disney Pictures.
Original content is also commissioned and produced by various third-party studios. Program development is carried out in
collaboration with writers, producers and creative teams.
Costs to produce content are generally capitalized and allocated across Entertainment’s businesses based on the estimated
relative value of the distribution windows.
Generally, the Company has full production and distribution rights to its IP. However, Sony Pictures Entertainment has
the rights to produce and distribute Spider-Man films as a result of licensing these rights from Marvel prior to the Company’s
acquisition of Marvel.
The Company has a significant library of content spanning approximately 100 years of production history as well as
acquired libraries. The library of content includes approximately 5,200 live-action film titles, 450 animated film titles and
episodic series (series with four or more seasons include approximately: 75 dramas; 55 comedies; 40 non-scripted series; 15
animated series; and 10 live-action series). In addition, the library includes approximately 130 series and 80 films that were
produced for initial distribution on our DTC platforms.
In fiscal 2025, the Company plans to produce or commission approximately 215 episodic and film titles. The vast
majority of our productions will initially be distributed on our Linear Networks and/or DTC platforms or theatrically.
Programming is also produced for third parties, which typically have domestic linear distribution rights while the Company
retains domestic video-on-demand and international distribution rights. We also license, acquire or produce local content for
use in various countries/territories.
6

Competition and Seasonality
Linear Networks and Direct-to-Consumer compete for viewers’ attention and audience share primarily with other
television networks, independent television stations and other media, such as other DTC streaming services, social media and
video games. With respect to the sale of advertising time, we compete with other television networks, independent television
stations, MVPDs, other DTC streaming services and other advertising media such as digital content, newspapers, magazines,
radio and billboards. Our television stations primarily compete for audiences and advertisers in local market areas.
Linear Networks compete with other networks for carriage by MVPDs. The Company’s contractual agreements with
MVPDs are renewed or renegotiated from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Consolidation and other market
conditions in the cable, satellite and telecommunication distribution industry, including subscriber levels, and other factors may
adversely affect the Company’s ability to obtain and maintain contractual terms for the distribution of its various programming
services that are as favorable as those currently in place.
Content Sales/Licensing businesses compete with all forms of entertainment and a significant number of companies that
produce and/or distribute film and episodic content, distribute products in the home entertainment market, provide pay TV/
VOD services, and produce music and live theater.
The operating results of Content Sales/Licensing fluctuate due to the timing and performance of releases in the theatrical,
home entertainment and television markets. Release dates are determined by several factors, including competition and the
timing of vacation and holiday periods.
We also compete with other media and entertainment companies, independent production companies and video-on-
demand services for creative and performing talent, story properties, show concepts, scripted and other programming, advertiser
support, production facilities and exhibition outlets that are essential to the success of our Entertainment businesses.
Advertising revenues at Linear Networks and Direct-to-Consumer are subject to seasonal advertising patterns and changes
in viewership levels. In general, domestic advertising revenues are typically somewhat higher during the fall and somewhat
lower during the summer months. Affiliate revenues vary with the subscriber levels of MVPDs.
SPORTS
The Sports segment generally encompasses the Company’s sports-focused global television and DTC video streaming
content production and distribution activities.
The lines of business within Sports include the following:
• ESPN (generally owned 80% by the Company)
◦ Domestic:
▪ Seven ESPN-branded television channels
▪ ESPN on ABC (sports programmed on the ABC Network by ESPN)
▪ ESPN+ DTC service
◦ International: ESPN-branded channels outside of the U.S.
• Star: Star-branded sports channels in India
In February 2024, the Company, Fox Corporation and Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. announced plans to create a joint
venture to offer a sports-focused DTC platform (Venu Sports) that will distribute each party’s domestic sports networks, certain
broadcast networks and sports streaming services. In August 2024, a motion for preliminary injunction in a matter before the
District Court for the Southern District of New York was granted, enjoining the launch of Venu Sports. See Note 14 of the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding this legal matter. Further, the formation and launch of
Venu Sports are subject to the finalization of definitive agreements among the parties.
In early fall 2025, the Company plans to launch a new DTC offering, which will include live linear streams of the
domestic ESPN-branded television channels and ESPN+.
The significant revenues of Sports are as follows:
• Affiliate fees
• Advertising
• Subscription fees
• Other revenue - Fees from the following activities: pay-per-view events on ESPN+, sub-licensing of sports rights,
programming ESPN on ABC and licensing the ESPN brand
7

Star
The Company operates 10 Star branded sports channels in India, in 4 languages. Star has rights to various sports
programming, primarily cricket and soccer. As of September 2024, the estimated number of subscribers to Star branded
channels, based on internal management reports, was approximately 79 million.
Equity Investments
The most significant equity investment at Sports is a 30% interest in CTV Specialty Television, Inc. (CTV). The
Company’s share of CTV’s financial results is reported as “Equity in the income of investees” in the Company’s Consolidated
Statements of Income. CTV operates television networks in Canada, including The Sports Networks (TSN) 1-5, Le Réseau des
Sports (RDS), RDS2, RDS Info, Discovery Canada, Discovery Science and Animal Planet Canada.
Competition and Seasonality
Sports competes for viewers’ attention and audience share primarily with other television networks, independent
television stations and other media, such as other DTC streaming services, social media and video games. With respect to the
sale of advertising time, we compete with other television networks, independent television stations, MVPDs and other
advertising media such as digital content, newspapers, magazines, radio and billboards.
The Sports television networks compete with other networks for carriage by MVPDs. The Company’s contractual
agreements with MVPDs are renewed or renegotiated from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Consolidation and
other market conditions in the cable, satellite and telecommunication distribution industry and other factors may adversely
affect the Company’s ability to obtain and maintain contractual terms for the distribution of its various programming services
that are as favorable as those currently in place.
We also compete with other media and entertainment companies and video-on-demand services for sports rights, creative
and performing talent and other programming, advertiser support and production facilities that are essential to the success of
our Sports businesses.
Advertising revenues are subject to changes in viewership levels and the demand for sports programming. Advertising
revenues generated from sports programming are also impacted by the timing of sports seasons and events, which timing may
vary throughout the year or may take place periodically (e.g. biannually, quadrennially). Affiliate revenues vary with the
subscriber levels of MVPDs.
EXPERIENCES
The lines of business within Experiences along with their significant business activities include the following:
• Parks & Experiences:
◦ Domestic:
▪ Theme parks and resorts:
• Walt Disney World Resort in Florida
• Disneyland Resort in California
▪ Experiences:
• Disney Cruise Line
• Disney Vacation Club
• National Geographic Expeditions (owned 73% by the Company) and Adventures by Disney
• Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa in Hawaii
◦ International:
▪ Theme parks and resorts:
• Disneyland Paris
• Hong Kong Disneyland Resort (48% ownership interest and consolidated in our financial results)
• Shanghai Disney Resort (43% ownership interest and consolidated in our financial results)
• In addition, the Company licenses its IP to a third party that owns and operates Tokyo Disney Resort
• Consumer Products:
◦ Licensing of our trade names, characters, visual, literary and other IP to various manufacturers, game developers,
publishers and retailers throughout the world, for use on merchandise, published materials and games
◦ Sale of branded merchandise through online, retail and wholesale businesses, and development and publishing of
books, comic books and magazines (except National Geographic magazine, which is reported in Entertainment)
9

Competition and Seasonality
The Company’s theme parks and resorts as well as Disney Cruise Line and Disney Vacation Club compete with other
forms of entertainment, lodging, tourism and recreational activities. The profitability of the leisure-time industry may be
influenced by various factors that are not directly controllable, such as economic conditions including business cycle and
exchange rate fluctuations, health concerns, the political environment, travel industry trends, amount of available leisure time,
oil and transportation prices, weather patterns and natural disasters. The licensing and retail business competes with other
licensors, retailers and publishers of character, brand and celebrity names, as well as other licensors, publishers and developers
of game software, online video content, websites, other types of home entertainment and retailers of toys and kids merchandise.
All of the theme parks and the associated resort facilities are operated on a year-round basis. Typically, theme park
attendance and resort occupancy fluctuate based on the seasonal nature of vacation travel and leisure activities, the opening of
new guest offerings and pricing and promotional offers. Peak attendance and resort occupancy generally occur during the
summer months when school vacations occur and during early winter and spring holiday periods. In addition, theme park and
resort revenues may be higher during significant celebrations such as theme park or character anniversaries and lower in the
periods following such celebrations. The licensing, retail and wholesale businesses are influenced by seasonal consumer
purchasing behavior, which generally results in higher revenues during the Company’s first and fourth fiscal quarter, and by the
timing and performance of theatrical and game releases and cable programming broadcasts.
STAR INDIA TRANSACTION
The Company and Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) plan to close a transaction on or about November 14, 2024, which
will form a joint venture that combines our Star-branded and other general entertainment and sports television channels and
direct-to-consumer Disney+ Hotstar service in India (Star India) and certain media and entertainment businesses controlled by
RIL (the Star India Transaction) (see Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information).
HUMAN CAPITAL
The Company’s key human capital management objectives are to attract, retain and develop the highest quality talent. To
support these objectives, the Company’s human resources programs are designed to develop talent to prepare them for critical
roles and leadership positions for the future; reward and support employees through competitive pay, benefit and perquisite
programs; enhance the Company’s culture through efforts aimed at making the workplace more engaging and inclusive; acquire
talent and facilitate internal talent mobility to create a high-performing, diverse workforce; engage employees as brand
ambassadors of the Company’s content, products and experiences; and evolve and invest in technology, tools and resources to
enable employees at work.
The Company employed approximately 233,000 people as of September 28, 2024, of which approximately 171,000 were
employed in the U.S. and approximately 62,000 were employed outside the U.S. Our global workforce comprises
approximately 76% full time and 16% part time employees, with another 8% being seasonal employees. A significant number
of employees in various parts of our businesses, including employees of our theme parks, and writers, directors, actors and
production personnel for our productions are covered by collective bargaining agreements. In addition, some of our employees
outside the U.S. are represented by works councils, trade unions or other employee associations.
Some of our key programs and initiatives to attract, develop and retain our diverse workforce include:
• Health, financial, family resources, well-being and other benefits: Disney’s benefit offerings are designed to meet
the varied and evolving needs of our diverse employees and their families. These benefit offerings for eligible
employees include:
◦ Healthcare options aimed at improving quality of care while limiting out-of-pocket costs
◦ Retirement and savings programs that help employees adapt to changing needs and unexpected events and drive
financial security in the present and the future
◦ Family care resources, such as childcare and senior care programs, long-term care coverage and a family building
benefit
◦ Paid time-off programs, including vacation and sick and family care leave
◦ Free mental health and well-being resources
◦ Global well-being programs, including in-person offerings through campus health clubs and virtual and onsite
events and activities focused on physical, emotional, financial and social well-being
◦ Two Centers for Living Well in the Orlando area that offer convenient, on-demand access to board-certified
physicians and counselors
14

• Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DEI): Our DEI objectives are to build and sustain teams that reflect the life
experiences of our audiences, while employing and supporting a diverse array of voices in our creative and production
teams. Some of our DEI initiatives and programs are:
◦ Executive incubator program and creative talent development program designed to engage the next generation of
creative executives from underrepresented backgrounds
◦ Heroes Work Here, an initiative to hire, train and support U.S. military veterans
◦ Over 100 employee-led groups, which represent and support the diverse communities that make up our global
workforce
• Talent Development and Education: We invest in creating opportunities to help employees grow and build their
careers through training, professional development and educational programs.
◦ Our training and professional development programs are presented in online, instructor-led and on-the-job learning
formats, including Career@Disney: INTERACTIVE, a new series of immersive virtual and in-person experiences
designed to aid employees in enhancing their careers
◦ Our education investment program, Disney Aspire, offers assistance for tuition, books and fees to eligible
participating employees at a variety of in-network learning providers and universities at levels ranging from high
school completion to undergraduate degrees. At the end of fiscal 2024, more than 12,000 current employees were
enrolled and more than 5,000 current employees had graduated since the program launched in 2018.
• Social Impact: The Company has a longstanding commitment to social impact by supporting communities through
our philanthropic efforts, including through our support of wish granting and children’s hospitals and our efforts to
support communities in which we operate and the contributions of our employees. The Company supports employees
who make monetary donations to eligible nonprofits with a generous U.S. matching gifts program. In addition, through
the Disney VoluntEARS program, we encourage employees to donate their time and talents to their local communities
and provide grants that allow eligible employees to direct donations from the Company to nonprofits of their choosing
as a benefit for the time they spend volunteering.
ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY
The Company has developed measurable environmental sustainability goals for 2030, based on our assessment of where
the Company’s operations have the most significant environmental impacts and where we can most effectively mitigate those
impacts. The Company’s goals encompass science-based targets for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, water stewardship, waste
reduction, sustainable design in construction and use of more sustainable materials in our products.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTION
The Company’s businesses throughout the world are affected by its ability to exploit and protect against infringement of
its IP, including trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and trade secrets. Important IP includes rights in the content of
motion pictures, television programs, electronic games, sound recordings, character likenesses, theme park attractions, books
and magazines and merchandise. Risks related to the protection and exploitation of IP rights and information concerning the
expiration of certain of our copyrights are set forth in Item 1A – Risk Factors.
REGULATION
Federal Communications Commission Regulation
Television broadcasting is subject to extensive regulation by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) under
federal laws and regulations, including the Communications Act of 1934, as amended. Violation of FCC regulations can result
in substantial monetary fines, limited renewals of licenses and, in egregious cases, denial of license renewal or revocation of a
license. FCC regulations that affect linear channels include the following:
• Licensing of television stations. Each of the television stations we own must be licensed by the FCC. These licenses
are granted for periods of up to eight years, and we must obtain renewal of licenses as they expire in order to continue
operating the stations. We (and the acquiring entity in the case of a divestiture) must also obtain FCC approval
whenever we seek to have a license transferred in connection with the acquisition or divestiture of a station. The FCC
may decline to renew or approve the transfer of a license in certain circumstances and may delay renewals while
permitting a licensee to continue operating. Although we have received such renewals and approvals in the past or
have been permitted to continue operations when renewal is delayed, there can be no assurance that this will be the
case in the future.
15

• Station ownership limits. The FCC imposes limitations on the number of television stations and radio stations an entity
can own in a specific market, on the combined number of television and radio stations an entity can own in a single
market and on the aggregate percentage of the national audience that can be reached by television stations. Currently:
◦ FCC regulations may restrict our ability to own more than one television station in a market, depending on the size
and nature of the market. We do not own more than one television station in any market.
◦ Federal statutes permit our television stations in the aggregate to reach a maximum of 39% of the national
audience. Pursuant to the most recent decision by the FCC as to how to calculate compliance with this limit, our
eight stations reach approximately 20% of the national audience.
• Dual networks. FCC rules currently prohibit any of the four major broadcast television networks — ABC, CBS, Fox
and NBC — from being under common ownership or control.
• Foreign ownership. The Communications Act generally restricts foreign individuals or entities from collectively
owning more than 25% of the voting or equity interest in a U.S. entity that controls a broadcast television license. FCC
approval is required to exceed the 25% threshold.
• Regulation of programming. The FCC regulates broadcast programming by, among other things, banning “indecent”
programming, regulating political advertising and imposing commercial time limits during children’s programming.
Penalties for broadcasting indecent programming can be over $400,000 per indecent utterance or image per station.
Federal legislation and FCC rules also limit the amount of commercial matter that may be shown on broadcast or cable
channels during programming designed for children 12 years of age and younger. In addition, broadcast stations are
generally required to provide an average of three hours per week of programming that has as a “significant purpose”
meeting the educational and informational needs of children 16 years of age and younger. FCC rules also give
television station owners the right to reject or refuse network programming in certain circumstances or to substitute
programming that the licensee reasonably believes to be of greater local or national importance.
• Cable and satellite carriage of broadcast television stations. With respect to MVPDs operating within a television
station’s Designated Market Area, FCC rules require that every three years each television station elect either “must
carry” status, pursuant to which MVPDs generally must carry a local television station in the station’s market, or
“retransmission consent” status, pursuant to which the MVPDs must negotiate with the television station to obtain the
consent of the television station prior to carrying its signal. The ABC owned television stations have historically
elected retransmission consent.
• Cable and satellite carriage of programming. The Communications Act and FCC rules regulate some aspects of
negotiations between programmers and distributors regarding the carriage of networks by cable and satellite
distribution companies, and some cable and satellite distribution companies have sought regulation of additional
aspects of the carriage of programming on their systems. New legislation, court action or regulation in this area could
have an impact on the Company’s operations.
The foregoing is a brief summary of certain provisions of the Communications Act, other legislation and specific FCC
rules and policies. Reference should be made to the Communications Act, other legislation, FCC rules and public notices and
rulings of the FCC for further information concerning the nature and extent of the FCC’s regulatory authority.
FCC laws and regulations are subject to change, and the Company generally cannot predict whether new legislation, court
action or regulations, or a change in the extent of application or enforcement of current laws and regulations, would have an
adverse impact on our operations.
Privacy and Data Protection Regulation
Our businesses are subject to various privacy and data protection laws and regulations in most of the domestic and
international jurisdictions in which our businesses operate. Those laws and regulations govern our use, collection, storage,
retention and sharing of personal information and vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, including within the U.S. at the federal
level and among the 50 states. This patchwork of domestic and international laws creates different obligations that are, at times,
inconsistent with one another.
While there is no comprehensive privacy law in the U.S. at the federal level, there are a number of sector-specific federal
privacy laws applicable to our operations, such as the Video Privacy Protection Act, which restricts the ability to share personal
information along with specific viewing information with third parties. In addition, various U.S. states, including California,
have passed comprehensive data privacy laws that establish various consumer rights with respect to their personal information,
including the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information with third parties, to gain access to the personal
information that companies hold about them, to delete personal information and to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive
information. We are also subject to privacy legal and regulatory requirements in many jurisdictions outside the United States,
including the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union and similar comprehensive data privacy legislation in
16

We face risks relating to misalignment with public and consumer tastes and preferences for entertainment, travel and
consumer products, which impact demand for our entertainment offerings and products and the profitability of our
businesses.
Our businesses create entertainment, travel and consumer products, the success of which depends substantially on
consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The success of our businesses depends on our ability
to consistently produce compelling creative content, which may be distributed, among other ways, through DTC platforms,
broadcast, cable, theaters and used in theme park attractions, hotels and other resort facilities and travel experiences and
consumer products. Such distribution must meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to
competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments in the delivery of content. The
success of our theme parks, resorts, cruise ships and experiences, as well as our theatrical releases, depends on demand for out-
of-home entertainment experiences. Demand for certain out-of-home entertainment experiences, such as theater-going to watch
movies, has not returned to pre-pandemic levels. In addition, many of our businesses depend on acceptance of our offerings and
products by consumers outside the U.S. The success of our businesses therefore depends on our ability to successfully predict
and adapt to continually evolving consumer tastes and preferences outside as well as inside the U.S. Moreover, we must often
make substantial investments in content production and acquisition, acquisition of sports and programming rights, theme park
attractions, cruise ships or hotels and other facilities or customer facing platforms before we know the extent to which these
products will earn consumer acceptance, and the market, economic or social conditions are sometimes significantly different
from the ones we anticipated at the time of the investment decisions. Further, preferences of some consumers are affected by
their perceptions of our position on matters of public interest, including regarding environmental and social issues. Generally,
revenues from, and profitability of, each of our businesses are adversely impacted when our entertainment offerings and
products, as well as our methods to make our offerings and products available to consumers, do not align with constantly
evolving consumer preferences and tastes or achieve sufficient consumer acceptance.
A variety of uncontrollable events disrupt our businesses, reduce demand for or consumption of our products and
services, impair our ability to provide our products and services or increase the cost or reduce the profitability of
providing our products and services.
The operation and profitability of our businesses and demand for and consumption of our products and services,
particularly our parks and experiences businesses, are highly dependent on the general environment for travel and tourism,
including in the specific regions in which our parks and experiences businesses operate. In addition, we have extensive
international operations, including our international theme parks and resorts, which are dependent on domestic and international
regulations consistent with trade and investment in those regions. The operation of our businesses and the environment for
travel and tourism, as well as demand for and consumption of our other entertainment products, is subject to significant adverse
impact in the U.S., globally or in specific regions as a result of a variety of factors beyond our control, including: health
concerns; adverse weather conditions arising from short-term weather patterns or long-term climate change, including longer
and more regular excessive heat conditions, catastrophic events or natural disasters (such as excessive heat or rain, hurricanes,
typhoons, floods, droughts, tsunamis and earthquakes); international, political or military developments, including trade and
other international disputes and social unrest; macroeconomic conditions, including a decline in economic activity, inflation and
foreign exchange rates; and terrorist attacks. These events and others, such as fluctuations in travel and energy costs, supply
chain disruptions and malware and other cyber-related attacks or intrusions or other widespread computing,
telecommunications or payment processing failures, from time to time have disrupted, and may in the future disrupt, our ability
to provide our products and services or in certain instances may affect our ability to obtain insurance coverage with respect to
some of these events. An incident or other event that affected our property directly, including a security incident, earthquake or
hurricane, would have a direct impact on our ability to provide goods and services and could result in closure of impacted
operations or have an extended effect of discouraging consumers from attending our facilities. Moreover, the costs of protecting
against such incidents reduces the profitability of our operations.
For example, COVID-19 and measures to prevent its spread impacted our businesses in a number of ways, including the
closure of our theme parks and resorts, suspension of cruise ship sailings and guided tours, delayed, or in some cases, shortened
or canceled, theatrical releases and disruptions in the production and availability of content, significantly reducing revenues
across all of our segments. Certain of our business operations have been temporarily disrupted by payment processing outages
and widespread computing failures. Hurricanes, such as Hurricanes Helene and Milton, which in the case of Hurricane Milton
caused Walt Disney World Resort theme parks in Florida to close for one full and partial day, have impacted the operations and
profitability of Walt Disney World Resort and may do so in the future. The Company has paused certain operations in certain
regions, including in response to sanctions, trade restrictions and related developments and the profitability of certain operations
has been impacted as a result of events in the corresponding regions.
In addition, we derive affiliate fees and royalties from the distribution of our programming, sales of our licensed goods
and services by third parties, and the management of businesses operated under brands licensed from the Company, and we are
therefore dependent on the successes of those third parties for that portion of our revenue. The profitability of one or more of
our businesses could be adversely impacted by the significant contraction of distribution channels for our products and services,
19

no assurance that revenues from programming based on these rights will exceed the cost of the rights plus the other costs of
producing and distributing the programming.
We face risks related to environmental, social and governance matters and any related reporting obligations.
U.S. and international regulators, investors and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and
governance matters. For example, new domestic and international laws and regulations relating to environmental, social and
governance matters, including environmental sustainability, climate change, human rights and human capital management, have
been adopted or are under consideration, some of which include specific, target-driven disclosure requirements or obligations.
Our response has increased our compliance costs, including from increased investment in technology and appropriate expertise
and required the implementation of new reporting processes, entailing additional compliance risk.
In addition, we have undertaken or announced a number of related actions and goals, which will require changes to
operations and ongoing investment. There is no assurance that our initiatives will achieve their intended outcomes or that we
will achieve any of these goals. Consumer, government and other stakeholder perceptions of our initiatives often differ widely
and present risks to our reputation and brands. In addition, our ability to implement some initiatives or achieve some goals is
dependent on external factors. For example, our ability to meet certain environmental sustainability goals or initiatives will
depend in part on third-party collaboration, the availability of suppliers that can satisfy new requirements, mitigation
innovations and/or the availability of economically feasible solutions at scale.
We face risks related to damage to our reputation or brands.
Our reputation and globally recognizable brands are integral to the success of our businesses. Because our brands engage
consumers across our businesses, some types of damage to our reputation or brands have an impact on all of our businesses.
Because some of our brands are globally recognized, some types of brand damage are not locally contained. Maintenance of the
reputation of our Company and brands depends on many factors, including the quality of our offerings, maintenance of trust
with our customers and our ability to successfully innovate. In addition, we may pursue brand or product integration combining
previously separate brands or products targeting different audiences under one brand or pursue other business initiatives
inconsistent with one or more of our brands, and there is no assurance that these initiatives will be accepted by our customers
and not adversely impact one or more of our brands. Significant negative claims or publicity regarding the Company or its
operations, products, management, employees, practices, business partners, business decisions, social responsibility and culture,
which may be amplified by social media, adversely impact our brands or reputation, even if such claims are untrue. Damage to
our reputation or brands could impact our sales, business opportunities, profitability, recruiting and valuation of our securities.
Various risks may impact the success of our DTC streaming services.
The success of our DTC strategy and profitability of our DTC streaming services will be impacted by the success of the
reorganization of our media and entertainment business and the strategic change in our approach to content curation initiated in
fiscal 2023; our ability to drive subscriber additions and retention based on the attractiveness of our content, manage churn,
achieve the desired financial impact of our DTC pricing, bundling and distribution determinations, the Disney+ ad supported
service, monetization and cost containment strategy and the launch of the ESPN flagship DTC service; and the effects of our
determinations with regard to distribution for our creative content across windows. The initial costs of marketing campaigns are
generally recognized in the business of initial exploitation, and amortization of capitalized production costs and licensed
programming rights are generally allocated across businesses based on the estimated relative value of the distribution windows.
Accordingly, our distribution determinations impact the costs of each business, including the applicable DTC service. There are
a number of competing DTC businesses. Consumers may not be willing to pay for an expanding set of DTC services at
increasing prices, potentially exacerbated by challenging economic conditions, such as during periods of high inflation or
declines in economic activity. In addition, such economic conditions negatively impact the purchase of and price for advertising
on our DTC streaming services. We face competition for creative talent and sports and other programming rights and are
sometimes not successful in recruiting and retaining talent and obtaining desired programming rights and face increased costs to
do so. We have experienced flat subscriber growth or net losses of subscribers in periods. Our content does not always
successfully attract and retain subscribers in the quantities that we expect. Our content is subject to cost pressures and may cost
more than we expect. We may not successfully manage our costs to meet our profitability goals. Government regulation,
including revised foreign content and ownership regulations as well as government-imposed content restrictions, impacts the
implementation of our DTC business plans. The highly competitive environment in which we operate puts pricing pressure on
our DTC offerings and may require us to lower our prices or not take price increases to attract or retain customers or lead to
higher churn rates. These and other risks may impact the profitability and success of our DTC streaming services.
Potential credit ratings actions, increases in interest rates, or volatility in the U.S. and global financial markets could
impede access to, or increase the cost of, financing our operations and investments.
Our borrowing costs have been and can be affected by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by nationally recognized
ratings agencies that are based, in part, on the Company’s performance as measured by credit metrics such as leverage and
interest coverage ratios. Our elevated indebtedness and leverage ratios in response to the financial impact of COVID-19 on our
22

businesses resulted in S&P Global Ratings and Fitch Ratings downgrading our debt ratings. As of September 28, 2024,
Moody’s Ratings’ long- and short-term debt ratings for the Company were A2 and P-1 (Stable), respectively; S&P Global
Ratings’ long- and short-term debt ratings for the Company were A- and A-2 (Positive), respectively; and Fitch Ratings’ long-
and short-term debt ratings for the Company were A- and F2 (Stable), respectively. Any future downgrades could increase our
cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing on acceptable terms.
In addition, increases in interest rates have increased our cost of borrowing and volatility in U.S. and global financial
markets could impact our access to, or further increase the cost of, financing. Past disruptions in the U.S. and global credit and
equity markets made it more difficult for many businesses to obtain financing on acceptable terms. These conditions tended to
increase the cost of borrowing and if they recur, our cost of borrowing could increase and it may be more difficult to obtain
financing for our operations or investments.
Elevated indebtedness or leverage ratios could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility.
Elevated indebtedness could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our financial flexibility and our ability to
respond to changing business and economic conditions and other uncontrollable events. Debt repayment obligations could also
reduce funds available for investments, capital expenditures, share repurchases and dividends, and other activities and may
create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels. Our leverage ratios increased as the
result of COVID-19’s impact on financial performance, which caused certain of the credit ratings agencies to downgrade their
assessment of our credit ratings. Downgrades to our credit ratings may negatively impact our cost of borrowings and/or make it
more difficult for us to obtain financing on acceptable terms.
Labor disputes disrupt our operations and adversely affect the profitability of our businesses.
A significant number of employees in various parts of our businesses, including employees of our theme parks, and
writers, directors, actors and production personnel for our productions are covered by collective bargaining agreements. In
addition, some of our employees outside the U.S. are represented by works councils, trade unions or other employee
associations. Further, some employees of licensees who manufacture and retailers who sell our licensed consumer products, and
employees of providers of programming content (such as sports leagues) are covered by labor agreements with their employers.
From time to time, collective bargaining agreements and other labor agreements expire, requiring renegotiation of their terms.
In general, labor disputes and work stoppages involving our employees; persons employed on our productions; athletes or
others employed by, or otherwise connected with, sports leagues or organizers; or the employees of our licensees or retailers
who sell our licensed consumer products or providers of programming content may disrupt or lead to closure of certain
operations and reduce our revenues and the profitability of our businesses. For example, in fiscal 2023, members of the Writers
Guild of America (WGA) commenced a work stoppage, which lasted for almost five months, and members of SAG-AFTRA,
the union representing television and movie actors, also commenced a work stoppage, which lasted for almost four months.
These work stoppages affected our productions and the pipeline for programming and theatrical releases, which resulted in
reduced revenue for the impacted businesses. The new collective bargaining agreements with these and another entertainment
guild and recently with certain labor unions at our domestic parks and resorts will increase our costs to create our content and to
operate our domestic parks and resorts, respectively. In July 2024, members of SAG-AFTRA commenced a work stoppage
against video game employers, which is ongoing. As a general matter, resolution of labor disputes and negotiation of new
collective bargaining agreements, including as a result of rate increases and other changes to employee benefits, has in the past
increased our costs and may increase our costs in the future.
The seasonality of certain of our businesses and timing of certain of our product offerings could exacerbate negative
impacts on our operations.
Each of our businesses is normally subject to seasonal variations and variations in connection with the timing of our
product offerings, including as follows:
• Revenues at the Experiences segment fluctuate with changes in theme park attendance and resort occupancy resulting
from the seasonal nature of vacation travel and leisure activities and seasonal consumer purchasing behavior, which
generally results in increased revenues during the Company’s first and fourth fiscal quarters. Peak attendance and
resort occupancy generally occur during the summer months when school vacations occur and during early winter and
spring holiday periods. Revenues at the Experiences segment also sometimes fluctuate with changes in theme park
attendance and resort occupancy resulting from special celebrations or events that increase demand in the applicable
periods and decrease demand in prior or later periods as guests time their vacations to occur during such special
celebrations or events. In addition, licensing revenues fluctuate with the timing and performance of our theatrical
releases and cable programming broadcasts.
• Revenues from television networks and stations are subject to seasonal advertising patterns and changes in viewership
levels, including related to certain sporting events. In general, domestic general entertainment linear networks
advertising revenues are typically somewhat higher during the fall and somewhat lower during the summer months,
23

and sports advertising revenues are impacted by the timing of sports seasons and events, which varies throughout the
year and/or take place periodically.
• Revenues from content sales/licensing fluctuate due to the timing of content releases across various distribution
markets. Release dates and methods are determined by a number of factors, including, among others, competition, and
the timing of vacation and holiday periods.
• DTC revenues fluctuate based on: changes in the number of subscribers, mix of subscribers to different offerings and
subscriber fees; viewership levels; and the demand for sports and film and television content. Each of these is sensitive
to the availability of content, which varies from time to time throughout the year based on, among other things, sports
seasons, content production schedules and sports league work stoppages.
Accordingly, negative impacts on our business occurring during a time of typical high seasonal demand such as our park
closures due to hurricane damage during the summer travel season or other high seasons, could have a disproportionate effect
on the results of that business for the year.
Our operations are impacted by our ability to attract and retain employees and costs of employee wages and health,
welfare and retirement benefits, including postretirement medical benefits for some employees and retirees, may reduce
our profitability.
With approximately 233,000 employees, the success of our businesses is substantially affected by our ability to attract and
retain a workforce with the necessary skills for our varied businesses, including executing successfully on succession planning
for the talent at all levels necessary to advance the Company’s key objectives and strategies. Further, our profitability is
substantially affected by labor costs, including wages and our health, welfare and retirement benefits, including the costs of
medical benefits for current employees and the costs of postretirement medical benefits for some current employees and
retirees. We may experience significant increases in these costs as a result of macroeconomic, regulatory, competitive and other
factors. For example, labor costs in our parks and resorts have increased, and we expect will continue to increase, as a result of
collective bargaining agreements and wage laws and regulations where we operate. Further, certain conditions in the healthcare
industry, such as prolonged workforce shortages or rising prescription drug prices, may lead to an increase in the cost of
medical insurance and expenses. In addition, for benefits provided to certain employees, changes in asset values, investment
returns and discount rates used to calculate pension and postretirement medical expense and related assets and liabilities can be
volatile and may have an unfavorable impact on our costs in some years. These factors may also increase future funding
requirements for these benefit plans. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in attracting and retaining the human
resources necessary for the success of our businesses or in limiting cost increases from wages and other employee benefits,
which could reduce the profitability of our businesses.
We face risks related to costs and expenses in connection with the acquisition of NBC Universal’s (NBCU) equity
interest in Hulu and the TFCF acquisition.
On November 1, 2023, NBCU exercised its right to require the Company to purchase NBCU’s equity interest in Hulu
under a put/call arrangement between the parties. The purchase price for NBCU’s equity interest in Hulu will be determined
based on NBCU’s equity ownership percentage of the greater of Hulu’s equity fair value as of September 30, 2023 based on a
contractual appraisal process, and a guaranteed floor value. Further, the Company will share with NBCU 50% of the
Company’s tax benefit from the purchase of NBCU’s interest in Hulu, which payments are expected to be made primarily over
a 15-year period. In May 2024, the Company and NBCU entered into a confidential arbitration to resolve a dispute regarding
the contractual appraisal process, in which the parties seek declaratory relief, equitable relief and unspecified damages (see
Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). In addition, we may incur significant costs and
expenses in connection with the TFCF acquisition, including costs for which we have established reserves or which may lead to
reserves in the future. The cost to purchase NBCU’s equity interest in Hulu and related obligations to NBCU and any such other
costs could negatively impact the Company’s cash position and result in the Company incurring additional indebtedness.
RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, CYBERSECURITY AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
The success of our businesses is highly dependent on the existence and maintenance of intellectual property rights in the
entertainment products and services we create.
The value to us of our IP is dependent on the scope and duration of our rights as defined by applicable laws in the U.S.
and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed. Where those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the
extent or duration of our rights, or if existing laws are changed, our ability to generate revenue from our IP may decrease, or the
cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. The terms of some copyrights for IP related to some of our products and
services have expired, including the copyright term for the short film Steamboat Willie (1928) and early versions of characters
depicted in this film, and other copyrights will expire in the future. For example, in the United States and countries that look to
the United States copyright term when shorter than their own, the copyright term for early works and the specific early versions
of characters depicted in those works expires at the end of the 95th calendar year after the date the copyright was originally
24

Regulations applicable to our businesses impact the profitability of our businesses.
Each of our businesses, including our broadcast networks and television stations, is subject to a variety of U.S. and
international regulations, which impact the operations and profitability of our businesses. Some of these regulations include:
• U.S. FCC regulation of our television and radio networks, our national programming networks and our owned
television stations. See Item 1 — Federal Communications Commission Regulation.
• Federal, state and foreign privacy and data protection laws and regulations, including with respect to child safety. See
Item 1 — Privacy and Data Protection Regulation.
• Regulation of the safety and supply chain of consumer products and theme park operations, including regulation
regarding the sourcing, importation and the sale of goods.
• Land planning, use and development regulations applicable to our theme parks operations.
• Environmental protection regulations.
• U.S. and international anti-corruption laws, sanction programs, trade restrictions, anti-money laundering laws or
currency controls.
• Restrictions on the manner in which content is currently licensed and distributed, ownership restrictions or film or
television content requirements, investment obligations or quotas. See Item 1 — International Content Regulation.
• Domestic and international labor laws, tax laws and antitrust laws.
New laws and regulations, as well as changes in any of these current laws and regulations or regulator activities (or, if
applicable, private litigation to enforce such laws and regulations) in any of these areas, or others, may require us to incur
additional compliance costs, may restrict our ability to execute on our business strategies as planned or offer products and
services in ways that are profitable, and create an increasingly unpredictable regulatory landscape. In addition, ongoing and
future developments in international political, trade and security policy may lead to new regulations limiting international trade
and investment and disrupting our operations outside the U.S., including our international theme parks and resorts operations in
France, mainland China and Hong Kong. For example, in 2022 the U.S. and other countries implemented a series of sanctions
against Russia in response to events in Russia and Ukraine; U.S. agencies have enhanced trade restrictions, including new
prohibitions on the importation of goods from certain regions and other jurisdictions are considering similar measures; and U.S.
state governments have become more active in passing legislation targeted at specific sectors and companies and applying
existing laws in novel ways to new technologies, including streaming and online commerce. Further the legal and regulatory
landscape for certain new technologies, such as AI, is uncertain and evolving and our compliance obligations could increase our
costs or limit how we may use these technologies in one or more of our businesses.
Our operations outside the U.S. are affected by the operation of laws in those jurisdictions.
Our operations outside the U.S. are in many cases subject to the laws of the jurisdictions in which they operate rather than,
or in addition to, U.S. law. Laws in some international jurisdictions differ in significant respects from those in the U.S. These
differences can affect our ability to react to changes in our business, and our rights or ability to enforce rights are sometimes
different than would be expected under U.S. law. Moreover, enforcement of laws in some international jurisdictions can be
inconsistent and unpredictable, which can affect both our ability to enforce our rights and to undertake activities that we believe
are beneficial to our business. In addition, the business and political climate in some jurisdictions may encourage corruption,
which could reduce our ability to compete successfully in those jurisdictions while remaining in compliance with local laws or
U.S. anti-corruption laws applicable to our businesses. As a result, our ability to generate revenue and our expenses in non-U.S.
jurisdictions may differ from what would be expected if U.S. law alone governed these operations.
RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR STOCK
The price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile.
The price of our common stock has experienced substantial volatility and may continue to be volatile. Various factors
have impacted, and may continue to impact, the price of our common stock, including, among others, changes in management;
variations in our operating results; variations between our actual results and expectations of securities analysts; changes in our
estimates, guidance or business plans; changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; the activities,
operating results or stock price of our competitors or other industry participants in the industries in which we operate; the
announcement or completion of significant transactions by us or a competitor; events affecting the stock market generally; and
the economic and political conditions in the U.S. and internationally, as well as other factors described in this Item 1A. Some of
these factors may adversely impact the price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. Further, volatility
in the price of our common stock may negatively impact one or more of our businesses, including by increasing stock awards
for our employees who participate in our stock incentive programs or limiting our financing options for acquisitions and other
business expansion.
26

material cybersecurity incidents under the federal securities laws, including making the materiality determination and approving
related securities disclosures.
As discussed in further detail in Item 1A – Risk Factors, the Company faces an increasingly challenging cybersecurity
environment, and from time to time the persistent efforts of bad actors to gain unauthorized access to our and our service
providers’ information systems and our confidential and proprietary information are successful. In fiscal 2024, we did not
identify any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business
strategy, results of operations or financial condition. However, despite our efforts, we cannot eliminate all risks from
cybersecurity threats or provide assurances that we have not experienced undetected cybersecurity incidents or will not discover
additional information about previously detected events.
Governance
The Company’s Board of Directors has delegated to the Audit Committee oversight responsibility for information
technology risks, including cybersecurity and data security risks and mitigation strategies. The Audit Committee at least
annually receives reports from the Senior Vice President, Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) concerning the Company’s
cybersecurity and data security risks, including ongoing efforts to prevent, detect, monitor, remediate and manage such
cybersecurity threats, the threat environment, incident updates and emerging cybersecurity practices and technologies. The
Chair of the Audit Committee reports on its discussion, including concerning cybersecurity matters, to the full Board. In
addition, from time to time, senior management briefs the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee Chair and the Board on
cybersecurity matters potentially of interest, including cybersecurity events, regulatory disclosures and regulatory trends.
Day-to-day management of our information security strategy and operations is currently the responsibility of our CISO,
who reports into our Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining the Company, our CISO held senior leadership roles in various
other organizations, including as CISO for a publicly traded, global retailer and as a consultant advising organizations on
information security strategy, and as a Special Agent with the U.S. Secret Service focusing on electronic crimes. That
experience is supplemented by the collective experience and expertise of our dedicated internal teams of cybersecurity
personnel.
In addition, the Company’s RMC, a management level committee that includes, among others, the Chief Financial Officer
and Chief Legal and Compliance Officer, oversees and supports the Company’s ongoing efforts to identify, assess and
prioritize, manage and monitor the Company’s enterprise risks, including risks related to privacy and cybersecurity, and
periodically reports certain discussions to the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Audit Committee. The RMC’s
Cybersecurity Incident Disclosure Subcommittee, whose members include the members of the RMC, the CISO and lead
securities counsel, is tasked with assessing significant events for materiality, related timely and accurate disclosure under the
securities laws and, as appropriate, escalating such events to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors.
ITEM 2. Properties
Our parks and resorts locations and other properties of the Company and its subsidiaries are described in Item 1 under the
caption Experiences. Film and television library properties and television stations owned by the Company are described in
Item 1 under the caption Entertainment.
28

PART II
ITEM 5. Market for the Company’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities
The Company’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “DIS”.
See Note 11 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of the Company’s dividends in fiscal 2024.
As of September 28, 2024, the approximate number of common shareholders of record was 734,000.
The following table provides information about Company purchases of equity securities that are registered by the
Company pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended September 28, 2024:
Maximum
Total Number Number of
of Shares Shares that
Purchased as May Yet Be
Total Part of Publicly Purchased
Number of Average Announced Under the
Shares Price Paid Plans or Plans or
Period Purchased per Share(1) Programs Programs(2)
June 30, 2024 – July 31, 2024 2,732,000 $ 94.70 2,732,000 374 million
August 1, 2024 – August 31, 2024 1,536,500 89.18 1,536,500 372 million
September 1, 2024 – September 28, 2024 742,500 91.23 742,500 372 million
Total 5,011,000 92.49 5,011,000 372 million
(1) Amounts exclude the one percent excise tax on stock repurchases imposed by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022.
(2) Under a share repurchase program implemented effective February 7, 2024, the Company is authorized to repurchase a
total of 400 million shares of its common stock. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date.
ITEM 6. [Reserved]
31

ITEM 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
($ in millions, except per share data)
% Change
2024 2023 Better (Worse)
Revenues:
Services $ 81,841 $ 79,562 3 %
Products 9,520 9,336 2 %
Total revenues 91,361 88,898 3 %
Costs and expenses:
Cost of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) (52,509) (53,139) 1 %
Cost of products (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) (6,189) (6,062) (2)%
Selling, general, administrative and other (15,759) (15,336) (3)%
Depreciation and amortization (4,990) (5,369) 7 %
Total costs and expenses (79,447) (79,906) 1 %
Restructuring and impairment charges (3,595) (3,892) 8 %
Other income (expense), net (65) 96 nm
Interest expense, net (1,260) (1,209) (4)%
Equity in the income of investees, net 575 782 (26)%
Income before income taxes 7,569 4,769 59 %
Income taxes (1,796) (1,379) (30)%
Net income 5,773 3,390 70 %
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (801) (1,036) 23 %
Net income attributable to Disney $ 4,972 $ 2,354 >100 %
Diluted earnings per share attributable to Disney $ 2.72 $ 1.29 >100 %
Organization of Information
Management’s Discussion and Analysis provides a narrative on the Company’s financial performance and condition that
should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements. It includes the following sections:
• Consolidated Results and Non-Segment Items
• Business Segment Results
• Corporate and Unallocated Shared Expenses
• Liquidity and Capital Resources
• Developments and Trends
• Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
• DTC Product Descriptions, Key Definitions and Supplemental Information
• Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information
In Item 7, we discuss fiscal 2024 and 2023 results and comparisons of fiscal 2024 results to fiscal 2023 results.
Discussions of fiscal 2022 results and comparisons of fiscal 2023 results to fiscal 2022 results can be found in “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of the Company’s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023.
CONSOLIDATED RESULTS AND NON-SEGMENT ITEMS
Revenues for fiscal 2024 increased 3%, or $2.5 billion, to $91.4 billion; net income attributable to Disney increased $2.6
billion to income of $5.0 billion compared to $2.4 billion in the prior year; and diluted earnings per share (EPS) from
continuing operations attributable to Disney increased to $2.72 compared to $1.29 in the prior year. The EPS increase was due
to higher operating income at Entertainment.
Revenues
Service revenues for fiscal 2024 increased 3%, or $2.3 billion, to $81.8 billion, due to higher subscription revenue, growth
at our parks and experiences businesses, and, to a lesser extent, higher advertising revenue. These increases were partially offset
32

by lower theatrical distribution revenue, a decrease in TV/VOD distribution sales and lower affiliate revenue. Service revenues
reflected an approximate 1 percentage point decrease due to an unfavorable movement of the U.S. dollar against major
currencies including the impact of our hedging program (Foreign Exchange Impact).
Costs and expenses
Cost of services for fiscal 2024 decreased 1%, or $0.6 billion, to $52.5 billion, primarily due to lower non-sports
programming and production costs, partially offset by higher sports programming and production costs and the impact of
inflation and increased volumes at our parks and experiences businesses. Costs of services reflected an approximate 1
percentage point decrease due to a favorable Foreign Exchange Impact.
Depreciation and amortization decreased 7%, or $0.4 billion, to $5.0 billion due to lower depreciation at our domestic
parks and resorts and lower TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization.
Restructuring and Impairment Charges
($ in millions) 2024 2023
Impairments:
Star India $ 1,545 $ —
Goodwill(1) 1,287 721
Retail assets 328 —
Content(2) 187 2,577
Equity investments 165 141
Severance 83 357
Costs to exit our Russia businesses and other — 96
$ 3,595 $ 3,892
(1) In the current year, goodwill impairments related to our general entertainment linear networks. In the prior year,
goodwill impairments related to our general entertainment and international sports linear networks.
(2) In the current and prior years, content impairments related to strategic changes in our approach to content curation.
Other Income (expense), net
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
DraftKings gain $ — $ 169 (100)%
Other, net (65) (73) 11 %
Other income (expense), net $ (65) $ 96 nm
In fiscal 2023, the Company recognized a gain of $169 million on its investment in DraftKings, Inc. (DraftKings), which
was sold in fiscal 2023.
Interest Expense, net
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
Interest expense $ (2,070) $ (1,973) (5)%
Interest income, investment income and other 810 764 6 %
Interest expense, net $ (1,260) $ (1,209) (4)%
The increase in interest expense was due to higher average rates, partially offset by lower average debt balances.
The increase in interest income, investment income and other was driven by a larger benefit from pension and
postretirement benefit costs, other than service cost, and investments gains in the current year compared to losses in the prior
year, partially offset by the impact of lower cash and cash equivalent balances.
Equity in the Income of Investees
Equity in the income of investees decreased $207 million to $575 million in the current year due to lower income from
A+E.
33

A summary of the impact of these items on EPS is as follows:
Pre-Tax Tax Benefit After-Tax EPS Favorable
($ in millions, except per share data) Income (Loss) (Expense)(1) Income (Loss) (Adverse)(2)
Year Ended September 28, 2024:
Restructuring and impairment charges $ (3,595) $ 293 $ (3,302) $ (1.78)
TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization(3) (1,677) 391 (1,286) (0.68)
Other expense (65) 11 (54) (0.03)
Income Tax Reserve Adjustments — 418 418 0.23
Total $ (5,337) $ 1,113 $ (4,224) $ (2.26)
Year Ended September 30, 2023:
Restructuring and impairment charges(4) $ (3,836) $ 717 $ (3,119) $ (1.69)
TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization(3) (1,998) 465 (1,533) (0.82)
Other income, net 96 (13) 83 0.05
Total $ (5,738) $ 1,169 $ (4,569) $ (2.46)
(1) Tax benefit (expense) is determined using the tax rate applicable to the individual item.
(2) EPS is net of noncontrolling interest, where applicable. Total may not equal the sum of the column due to rounding.
(3) Includes amortization of intangibles related to TFCF equity investees.
(4) Restructuring and impairment charges in the prior year include the impact of a content license agreement termination
with A+E, which generated a gain at A+E. The Company’s 50% interest in this gain was $56 million (A+E gain) and
is included in Restructuring and impairment charges in this table.
BUSINESS SEGMENT RESULTS
The Company evaluates the performance of its operating segments based on segment revenue and segment operating
income.
Below is a discussion of the major revenue and expense categories for our business segments. Costs and expenses for each
segment consist of operating expenses, selling, general, administrative and other costs, and depreciation and amortization.
Selling, general, administrative and other costs include third-party and internal marketing expenses.
Entertainment
The Entertainment segment generates revenue from film, episodic and other content that is produced and distributed
across three significant lines of business:
• Linear Networks, which primarily generates revenue from affiliate fees and advertising
• Direct-to-Consumer, which primarily generates revenue from subscription fees and advertising
• Content Sales/Licensing, which primarily generates revenue from the sale of film and episodic content in the TV/VOD
and home entertainment markets, distribution of films in the theatrical market, licensing of our music rights, sales of
tickets to stage play performances and licensing of our IP for use in stage plays. Revenues also include an intersegment
allocation of revenues from the Experiences segment, which is meant to reflect royalties on consumer products
merchandise licensing revenues generated on IP created by the Entertainment segment.
Operating expenses at the Entertainment segment primarily consist of programming and production costs, technology
support costs, operating labor and distribution costs. Programming and production costs include the following:
• Amortization of capitalized production costs and licensed programming rights
• Subscriber-based fees for programming the Hulu Live service, including fees paid by Hulu to the Sports segment and
other Entertainment segment businesses for the right to air their linear networks on Hulu Live
• Production costs related to live programming (primarily news)
• Participations and residual expenses
• Fees paid to the Sports segment to program ESPN on ABC and certain sports content on Disney+
Amortization of capitalized production costs and licensed programming rights is generally allocated across
Entertainment’s businesses based on the estimated relative value of the distribution windows. The initial costs of marketing
35

Entertainment
Revenue and operating results for the Entertainment segment are as follows:
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
Revenues:
Linear Networks $ 10,692 $ 11,701 (9)%
Direct-to-Consumer 22,776 19,886 15 %
Content Sales/Licensing and Other 7,718 9,048 (15)%
$ 41,186 $ 40,635 1 %
Segment operating income (loss):
Linear Networks $ 3,452 $ 4,119 (16)%
Direct-to-Consumer 143 (2,496) nm
Content Sales/Licensing and Other 328 (179) nm
$ 3,923 $ 1,444 >100 %
Revenues
The increase in Entertainment revenues was due to subscription revenue growth, partially offset by decreases in theatrical
distribution, affiliate and TV/VOD distribution revenues.
Operating income
The increase in Entertainment operating income was due to improved results at Direct-to-Consumer and, to a lesser
extent, Content Sales/Licensing and Other, partially offset by a decrease at Linear Networks.
Linear Networks
Operating results for Linear Networks are as follows:
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
Revenues
Affiliate fees $ 6,872 $ 7,369 (7)%
Advertising 3,676 4,159 (12)%
Other 144 173 (17)%
Total revenues 10,692 11,701 (9)%
Operating expenses (5,083) (5,577) 9 %
Selling, general, administrative and other (2,644) (2,641) — %
Depreciation and amortization (52) (54) 4 %
Equity in the income of investees 539 690 (22)%
Operating Income $ 3,452 $ 4,119 (16)%
Revenues - Affiliate fees
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
Domestic $ 5,826 $ 6,136 (5)%
International 1,046 1,233 (15)%
$ 6,872 $ 7,369 (7)%
The decrease in domestic affiliate revenue was due to a decline of 11% from fewer subscribers, including the impact of
the non-renewal of carriage of certain networks by an affiliate, partially offset by an increase of 6% from higher effective rates.
Lower international affiliate revenue was attributable to decreases of 8% from fewer subscribers driven by channel
closures, 3% from lower effective rates and 3% from an unfavorable Foreign Exchange Impact.
37

Revenues - Advertising
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
Domestic $ 2,705 $ 3,178 (15)%
International 971 981 (1)%
$ 3,676 $ 4,159 (12)%
The decrease in domestic advertising revenue was due to a decrease of 14% from fewer impressions and 2% from lower
rates. The decrease in impressions was due to lower average viewership. Lower rates were driven by a decrease in political
advertising at the owned television stations.
International advertising revenue decreased modestly compared to the prior year as decreases of 3% from an unfavorable
Foreign Exchange Impact and 3% from fewer impressions were partially offset by an increase of 4% from higher rates.
Operating Expenses
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
Programming and production costs
Domestic $ (3,463) $ (3,858) 10 %
International (706) (712) 1 %
Total programming and production costs (4,169) (4,570) 9 %
Other operating expenses (914) (1,007) 9 %
$ (5,083) $ (5,577) 9 %
The decrease in domestic programming and production costs was due to a lower average cost mix of programming,
including fewer hours of scripted programming, which reflected the impact of production delays as a result of guild strikes in
the prior year.
International programming and production costs were comparable to the prior year as the impact of channel closures and a
favorable Foreign Exchange Impact were largely offset by inflation.
The decrease in other operating expenses was due to lower technology and distribution costs including the impact of
international channel closures.
Equity in the Income of Investees
Income from equity investees decreased $151 million, to $539 million from $690 million, due to lower income from A+E
attributable to decreases in advertising and affiliate revenue.
Operating Income from Linear Networks
Operating income decreased 16%, to $3,452 million from $4,119 million due to decreases at our domestic and
international businesses and lower income from equity investees.
Supplemental revenue and operating income
The following table provides supplemental revenue and operating income detail for Linear Networks:
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
Supplemental revenue detail
Domestic $ 8,621 $ 9,406 (8)%
International 2,071 2,295 (10)%
$ 10,692 $ 11,701 (9)%
Supplemental operating income detail
Domestic $ 2,387 $ 2,735 (13)%
International 526 694 (24)%
Equity in the income of investees 539 690 (22)%
$ 3,452 $ 4,119 (16)%
38

Content Sales/Licensing and Other
Operating results for Content Sales/Licensing and Other are as follows:
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
Revenues
TV/VOD distribution $ 2,255 $ 2,618 (14)%
Theatrical distribution 2,266 3,174 (29)%
Home entertainment distribution 753 931 (19)%
Other 2,444 2,325 5 %
Total revenues 7,718 9,048 (15)%
Operating expenses (4,901) (6,280) 22 %
Selling, general, administrative and other (2,108) (2,595) 19 %
Depreciation and amortization (371) (347) (7)%
Equity in the loss of investees (10) (5) (100)%
Operating Income (Loss) $ 328 $ (179) nm
Revenues - TV/VOD distribution
The decrease in TV/VOD distribution revenue was due to lower sales of episodic and, to a lesser extent, film content.
Revenues - Theatrical distribution
The decrease in theatrical distribution revenue reflected fewer significant releases in the current year compared to the
prior year. The current year included Inside Out 2, Deadpool & Wolverine, Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes, Alien: Romulus,
Wish and The Marvels. The prior year included Avatar: The Way of Water, Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, Guardians of the
Galaxy Vol. 3, The Little Mermaid, Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania, Elemental and Indiana Jones and the Dial of
Destiny.
Revenues - Home entertainment distribution
The decrease in home entertainment distribution revenue was due to lower unit sales.
Revenues - Other
Other revenue increased primarily due to higher revenue at Lucasfilm’s special effects business due to higher rates and
more projects.
Operating expenses
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
Programming and production costs $ (4,135) $ (5,383) 23 %
Distribution costs and cost of goods sold (766) (897) 15 %
$ (4,901) $ (6,280) 22 %
The decrease in programming and production costs was due to lower production cost amortization attributable to the
decreases in theatrical and TV/VOD distribution revenues, partially offset by higher film cost impairments.
Lower distribution costs and cost of goods sold were driven by decreases in theatrical, home entertainment and TV/VOD
distribution costs, partially offset by an increase at Lucasfilm’s special effects business due to more projects.
Selling, general, administrative and other
Selling, general, administrative and other costs decreased $487 million, to $2,108 million from $2,595 million, driven by
lower theatrical marketing costs reflecting fewer significant releases in the current year.
Operating Income (Loss) from Content Sales/Licensing and Other
Operating results from Content Sales/Licensing and Other increased $507 million, to income of $328 million from a loss
of $179 million due to higher theatrical distribution results.
41

Items Excluded from Segment Operating Income Related to Entertainment
The following table presents supplemental information for items related to Entertainment that are excluded from segment
operating income:
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
Restructuring and impairment charges(1) $ (1,670) $ (3,431) 51 %
TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization(2) (1,337) (1,602) 17 %
Gain on sale of a business — 28 (100)%
(1) Fiscal 2024 includes $1,287 million for goodwill impairments related to our general entertainment linear networks,
$187 million for content impairments, a $158 million impairment of an equity investment and $38 million of
severance. Fiscal 2023 includes $2,521 million for content impairments (net of the A+E gain), $425 million for a
goodwill impairment related to our general entertainment linear networks, $248 million of severance, a $141 million
impairment of an equity investment and $96 million of charges primarily related to exiting our businesses in Russia.
(2) In fiscal 2024, amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $271 million and amortization of intangible
assets was $1,054 million. In fiscal 2023, amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $439 million and
amortization of intangible assets was $1,151 million.
Sports
Operating results for the Sports segment are as follows:
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
Revenues
Affiliate fees $ 10,418 $ 10,590 (2)%
Advertising 4,388 3,920 12 %
Subscription fees 1,650 1,517 9 %
Other 1,163 1,084 7 %
Total revenues 17,619 17,111 3 %
Operating expenses (13,934) (13,314) (5)%
Selling, general, administrative and other (1,298) (1,314) 1 %
Depreciation and amortization (39) (73) 47 %
Equity in the income of investees 58 55 5 %
Operating Income $ 2,406 $ 2,465 (2)%
Revenues - Affiliate fees
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
ESPN
Domestic $ 9,131 $ 9,267 (1)%
International 1,049 1,051 — %
10,180 10,318 (1)%
Star India 238 272 (13)%
$ 10,418 $ 10,590 (2)%
The decrease in domestic ESPN affiliate revenue was due to a decrease of 8% from fewer subscribers, partially offset by
an increase of 7% from higher effective rates.
International ESPN affiliate revenue was comparable to the prior year, as decreases from an unfavorable Foreign
Exchange Impact and fewer subscribers were largely offset by higher effective rates.
Lower Star India affiliate revenue was attributable to decreases of 7% from lower effective rates and 4% from fewer
subscribers.
42

The increase in international ESPN programming and production costs was due to new soccer rights.
Higher Star India programming and production costs were attributable to an increase in cricket programming costs due to
airing two significant ICC tournaments in the current year compared to one in the prior year. This increase was partially offset
by the comparison to costs for Board of Control for Cricket in India cricket programming in the prior year, which rights we did
not renew for the current fiscal year.
Depreciation and amortization
Depreciation and amortization decreased $34 million, to $39 million from $73 million primarily due to technology assets
that were fully depreciated in the prior year.
Operating Income from Sports
Operating income decreased $59 million, to $2,406 million from $2,465 million due to higher operating losses at Star
India and, to a lesser extent, international ESPN, partially offset by an increase at domestic ESPN.
Supplemental revenue and operating income
The following table provides supplemental revenue and operating income (loss) detail for the Sports segment:
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
Supplemental revenue detail
ESPN
Domestic $ 15,339 $ 14,945 3 %
International 1,439 1,437 — %
16,778 16,382 2 %
Star India 841 729 15 %
$ 17,619 $ 17,111 3 %
Supplemental operating income (loss) detail
ESPN
Domestic $ 3,056 $ 2,881 6 %
International (72) (39) (85)%
2,984 2,842 5 %
Star India (636) (432) (47)%
Equity in the income of investees 58 55 5 %
$ 2,406 $ 2,465 (2)%
Items Excluded from Segment Operating Income Related to Sports
The following table presents supplemental information for items related to Sports that are excluded from segment
operating income:
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
TFCF acquisition amortization(1) $ (333) $ (388) 14 %
Restructuring and impairment charges(2) (12) (346) 97 %
(1) Represents amortization of intangible assets.
(2) Fiscal 2023 includes $296 million for a goodwill impairment and $50 million for severance.
44

Experiences
Operating results for the Experiences segment are as follows:
% Change
($ in millions) 2024 2023 Better (Worse)
Revenues
Theme park admissions $ 11,171 $ 10,423 7 %
Resorts and vacations 8,375 7,949 5 %
Parks & Experiences merchandise, food and beverage 8,039 7,712 4 %
Merchandise licensing and retail 4,307 4,358 (1)%
Parks licensing and other 2,259 2,107 7 %
Total revenues 34,151 32,549 5 %
Operating expenses (18,356) (17,129) (7)%
Selling, general, administrative and other (3,944) (3,675) (7)%
Depreciation and amortization (2,579) (2,789) 8 %
Equity in the loss of investees — (2) 100 %
Operating Income $ 9,272 $ 8,954 4 %
Revenues - Theme park admissions
The increase in theme park admissions revenue was due to increases of 5% from higher average per capita ticket revenue
and 2% from attendance growth.
Revenues - Resorts and vacations
Growth in resorts and vacations revenue was primarily attributable to increases of 3% from higher average ticket prices
for cruise line sailings, 1% from an increase in average daily hotel room rates and 1% from higher occupied hotel room nights,
partially offset by a decrease of 1% from lower unit sales at Disney Vacation Club.
Revenues - Parks & Experiences merchandise, food and beverage
Parks & Experiences merchandise, food and beverage revenue growth was due to increases of 2% from higher volumes
and 2% from higher average guest spending.
Revenues - Merchandise licensing and retail
Lower merchandise licensing and retail revenue was due to decreases of 1% from an unfavorable Foreign Exchange
Impact and 1% from retail, partially offset by an increase of 1% from merchandise licensing. Lower retail revenue was due to a
decrease in online sales. Growth in licensing revenue was due to higher royalties from merchandise sales, partially offset by
lower minimum guarantee shortfall recognition.
Revenues - Parks licensing and other
The increase in parks licensing and other revenue was attributable to higher sponsorship revenues, a favorable Foreign
Exchange Impact and higher royalties from Tokyo Disney Resort.
45

Investments in Parks, Resorts and Other Property
Capital expenditures at Entertainment primarily reflect investments in technology and in facilities and equipment for
expanding and upgrading broadcast centers, production facilities and television station facilities.
Capital expenditures at Experiences are principally for theme park and resort expansion, new attractions, cruise ships,
capital improvements and systems infrastructure. The increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023
was due to higher spending on cruise ship fleet expansion, theme park and resort expansion and new attractions.
Capital expenditures at Corporate primarily reflect investments in facilities, information technology infrastructure and
equipment. The decrease in fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 was due to lower spending on facilities.
The Company currently expects its fiscal 2025 capital expenditures to total approximately $8 billion compared to fiscal
2024 capital expenditures of $5 billion. The projected increase in capital expenditures is primarily due to higher spending at
Experiences, attributable to continued investment in cruise ship fleet expansion and new guest offerings at our theme parks.
Other Investing Activities
Cash used in other investing activities was $1.5 billion in fiscal 2024 reflecting an investment in Epic Games, Inc. Cash
provided by other investing activities was $328 million for fiscal 2023 reflecting proceeds from the sale of investments.
Financing Activities
Financing activities for fiscal 2024 and 2023 are as follows:
($ in millions) 2024 2023
Change in borrowings $ (1,400) $ (1,783)
Dividends (1,366) —
Repurchases of common stock (2,992) —
Activities related to noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests(1) (9,156) (707)
Cash used in other financing activities, net(2) (374) (234)
Cash used in financing activities $ (15,288) $ (2,724)
(1) Activities related to noncontrolling and redeemable noncontrolling interests in the current year were due to an $8.6
billion payment for Hulu’s redeemable noncontrolling interest and $0.5 billion of dividend payments to noncontrolling
interest holders. Activities in the prior year were due to a $0.9 billion payment for BAMTech LLC’s redeemable
noncontrolling interest and $0.5 billion of dividend payments to noncontrolling interest holders, partially offset by a
$0.7 billion contribution from Hearst to acquire a 20% interest in our DTC sports business.
(2) Primarily consists of equity award activity.
Borrowings activities and other
During the year ended September 28, 2024, the Company’s borrowing activity was as follows:
September 30, Other September 28,
($ in millions) 2023 Borrowings Payments Activity 2024
Commercial paper with original maturities less than
three months(1) $ 289 $ 431 $ — $ 7 $ 727
Commercial paper with original maturities greater than
three months 1,187 4,305 (3,204) 25 2,313
U.S. dollar denominated notes(2) 43,504 — (2,870) (138) 40,496
Asia Theme Parks borrowings(3) 1,308 — (62) 46 1,292
Foreign currency denominated debt and other(4) 143 132 (132) 844 987
$ 46,431 $ 4,868 $ (6,268) $ 784 $ 45,815
(1) Borrowings and reductions of borrowings are reported net.
(2) The other activity is primarily due to the amortization of purchase accounting adjustments and debt issuance fees.
(3) See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding commitments to fund the Asia Theme
Parks.
(4) The other activity is due to market value adjustments for debt with qualifying hedges.
See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of the Company’s borrowing activities in fiscal 2024
and information regarding the Company’s bank facilities. The Company may use cash balances, operating cash flows,
50

commercial paper borrowings up to the amount of its unused $12.25 billion bank facilities and incremental term debt issuances
to retire or refinance other borrowings before or as they come due.
See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of dividends and share repurchases in fiscal 2024.
There were no dividends paid or share repurchases in fiscal 2023. The Company is targeting a total of $3 billion in share
repurchases in fiscal 2025.
The Company may be required to pay an incremental amount for Hulu depending on a final determination of Hulu’s fair
value. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the transactions with noncontrolling
interest holders.
The Company’s operating cash flow and access to the capital markets can be impacted by factors outside of its control.
We believe that the Company’s financial condition is strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows,
access to debt and equity capital markets and borrowing capacity under current bank facilities, taken together, provide adequate
resources to fund ongoing operating requirements, contractual obligations, upcoming debt maturities as well as future capital
expenditures related to the expansion of existing businesses and development of new projects. In addition, the Company could
undertake other measures to ensure sufficient liquidity, such as raising additional financing, reducing or not declaring future
dividends; reducing or stopping share repurchases; reducing capital spending; reducing film and episodic content investments;
or implementing further cost-saving initiatives.
The Company’s borrowing costs can also be impacted by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by nationally
recognized rating agencies, which are based, in significant part, on the Company’s performance as measured by certain credit
metrics such as leverage and interest coverage ratios. As of September 28, 2024, Moody’s Ratings’ long- and short-term debt
ratings for the Company were A2 and P-1 (Stable), respectively, S&P Global Ratings’ long- and short-term debt ratings for the
Company were A- and A-2 (Positive), respectively, and Fitch Ratings’ long- and short-term debt ratings for the Company were
A-and F2 (Stable), respectively. The Company’s bank facilities contain only one financial covenant, relating to interest
coverage of three times earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, including both intangible amortization
and amortization of our film and television production and programming costs. On September 28, 2024, the Company met this
covenant by a significant margin. The Company’s bank facilities also specifically exclude certain entities, including the Asia
Theme Parks, from any representations, covenants or events of default.
DEVELOPMENTS AND TRENDS
Star India Transaction
The Company and RIL plan to close a transaction on or about November 14, 2024, which will form a joint venture that
combines our Star-branded and other general entertainment and sports television channels and Disney+ Hotstar service in India
(Star India) and certain media and entertainment businesses of RIL (see Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information). The Company will have a 37% interest in the joint venture. The Company has consolidated, and will
continue to consolidate, the income statement and cash flow activities of Star India through the closing date, at which time the
Company will recognize on its balance sheet the 37% investment at fair value. In addition, the Company will begin recognizing
its proportional share of the joint venture’s results in “Equity in the income of investees, net” in the Consolidated Statement of
Income. The equity earnings of the joint venture will not be reported in our segments’ operating results.
Trends
To drive growth at our sports and entertainment businesses, we are, among other things, making strategic investments in
our DTC offerings. Although there can be no assurances these investments will be successful, we expect that they will lead to
growth in subscription fees and advertising revenues that will more than offset impacts on affiliate fees and advertising revenue
from declines in linear network subscribers and the related decrease in average viewership, which we expect will continue.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES
We believe that the application of the following accounting policies, which are important to our financial position and
results of operations, require significant judgments and estimates on the part of management. For a summary of our significant
accounting policies, including the accounting policies discussed below, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Produced and Acquired/Licensed Content Costs
We amortize and test for impairment capitalized film and television production costs based on whether the content is
predominantly monetized individually or as a group. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further
discussion.
Production costs that are classified as individual are amortized based upon the ratio of the current period’s revenues to the
estimated remaining total revenues (Ultimate Revenues).
51

The qualitative assessment requires the consideration of factors such as recent market transactions, macroeconomic
conditions and changes in projected future cash flows.
The quantitative assessment compares the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying amount. If the
carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess.
Fair values of indefinite-lived intangible assets are determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, as
appropriate.
The Company tests long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances (triggering events) indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Once a triggering event has
occurred, the impairment test employed is based on whether the Company’s intent is to hold the asset for continued use or to
hold the asset for sale. The impairment test for assets held for use requires a comparison of the estimated undiscounted future
cash flows expected to be generated over the useful life of the significant assets of an asset group to the carrying amount of the
asset group. An asset group is generally established by identifying the lowest level of cash flows generated by a group of assets
that are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and could include assets used across multiple businesses. If the
carrying amount of an asset group exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment would be measured as
the difference between the fair value of the asset group and the carrying amount of the asset group. For assets held for sale, to
the extent the carrying amount is greater than the asset’s fair value less costs to sell, an impairment loss is recognized for the
difference. Determining whether a long-lived asset is impaired requires various estimates and assumptions, including whether a
triggering event has occurred, the identification of asset groups, estimates of future cash flows and the discount rate used to
determine fair values.
As discussed in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company recorded $1.5 billion of non-cash
impairment charges related to the Star India Transaction in fiscal 2024 to reflect Star India at its estimated fair value less costs
to sell.
The Company has investments in equity securities. For equity securities that do not have a readily determinable fair value,
we consider forecasted financial performance of the investee companies, as well as volatility inherent in the external markets
for these investments. If these forecasts are not met, impairment charges may be recorded.
The Company tested its indefinite-lived intangible assets, long-lived assets and investments for impairment and recorded
non-cash impairment charges of $0.7 billion and $2.3 billion in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. The fiscal 2024 charges
related to impairments of retail assets, content assets, and equity investments. The fiscal 2023 charges primarily related to
content impairments resulting from a strategic change in our approach to content curation. See Note 18 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
Allowance for Credit Losses
We evaluate our allowance for credit losses and estimate collectability of accounts receivable based on historical bad debt
experience, our assessment of the financial condition of individual companies with which we do business, current market
conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. In times of economic turmoil our estimates
and judgments with respect to the collectability of our receivables are subject to greater uncertainty than in more stable periods.
If our estimate of uncollectible accounts is too low, costs and expenses may increase in future periods, and if it is too high, costs
and expenses may decrease in future periods. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion.
Contingencies and Litigation
We are currently involved in certain legal proceedings and, as required, have accrued estimates of the probable and
estimable losses for the resolution of these proceedings. These estimates are based upon an analysis of potential results,
assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies and have been developed in consultation with outside counsel as
appropriate. From time to time, we are also involved in other contingent matters for which we accrue estimates for a probable
and estimable loss. It is possible, however, that future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could
be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies related to legal proceedings or our
assumptions regarding other contingent matters. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on
litigation exposure.
Income Tax
As a matter of course, the Company is regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. From time to time,
these audits result in proposed assessments. Our determinations regarding the recognition of income tax benefits are made in
consultation with outside tax and legal counsel, where appropriate, and are based upon the technical merits of our tax positions
in consideration of applicable tax statutes and related interpretations and precedents and upon the expected outcome of
proceedings (or negotiations) with taxing and legal authorities. The tax benefits ultimately realized by the Company may differ
from those recognized in our future financial statements based on a number of factors, including the Company’s decision to
54

Supplemental information about paid subscribers(1):
September 28, September 30,
(in millions) 2024 2023
Domestic (U.S. and Canada) standalone 59.6 55.5
Domestic (U.S. and Canada) multi-product(1) 27.1 22.6
Domestic (U.S. and Canada)(2) 86.7 78.1
International(3)(4) 66.7 66.1
Total(2) 153.4 144.2
(1) At September 28, 2024, there were 19.7 million and 7.4 million subscribers to multi-product offerings with two and
three of the Company’s services, respectively. At September 30, 2023, there were 20.3 million and 2.3 million
subscribers to multi-product offerings with two and three of the Company’s services, respectively.
(2) Total may not equal the sum of the column due to rounding.
(3) Disney+ Hotstar is not included in any of the Company’s multi-product offerings.
(4) The services within the Combo+ multi-product offering were merged into a single Disney+ product offering in fiscal
2024. The Combo+ subscribers at September 30, 2023 were 10.8 million.
SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION
On March 20, 2019, as part of the acquisition of TFCF, The Walt Disney Company (“TWDC”) became the ultimate
parent of TWDC Enterprises 18 Corp. (formerly known as The Walt Disney Company) (“Legacy Disney”). Legacy Disney and
TWDC are collectively referred to as “Obligor Group”, and individually, as a “Guarantor”. Concurrent with the close of the
TFCF acquisition, $16.8 billion of TFCF’s assumed public debt (which then constituted 96% of such debt) was exchanged for
senior notes of TWDC (the “exchange notes”) issued pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of March 20, 2019, between TWDC, Legacy
Disney, as guarantor, and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (the “TWDC Indenture”) and guaranteed by Legacy Disney. On November
26, 2019, $14.0 billion of the outstanding exchange notes were exchanged for new senior notes of TWDC registered under the
Securities Act, issued pursuant to the TWDC Indenture and guaranteed by Legacy Disney. In addition, contemporaneously with
the closing of the March 20, 2019 exchange offer, TWDC entered into a guarantee of the registered debt securities issued by
Legacy Disney under the Indenture dated as of September 24, 2001 between Legacy Disney and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as trustee (the “2001 Trustee”) (as amended by the first supplemental indenture among Legacy Disney, as issuer,
TWDC, as guarantor, and the 2001 Trustee, as trustee).
Other subsidiaries of the Company do not guarantee the registered debt securities of either TWDC or Legacy Disney
(such subsidiaries are referred to as the “non-Guarantors”). The par value and carrying value of total outstanding and
guaranteed registered debt securities of the Obligor Group at September 28, 2024 was as follows:
TWDC Legacy Disney
Carrying Carrying
($ in millions) Par Value Value Par Value Value
Registered debt with unconditional guarantee $ 32,360 $ 33,148 $ 8,125 $ 8,024
The guarantees by TWDC and Legacy Disney are full and unconditional and cover all payment obligations arising under
the guaranteed registered debt securities. The guarantees may be released and discharged upon (i) as a general matter, the
indebtedness for borrowed money of the consolidated subsidiaries of TWDC in aggregate constituting no more than 10% of all
consolidated indebtedness for borrowed money of TWDC and its subsidiaries (subject to certain exclusions), (ii) upon the sale,
transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of the equity interests or all or substantially all, or substantially as an entirety,
the assets of Legacy Disney to a third party, and (iii) other customary events constituting a discharge of a guarantor’s
obligations. In addition, in the case of Legacy Disney’s guarantee of registered debt securities issued by TWDC, Legacy Disney
may be released and discharged from its guarantee at any time Legacy Disney is not a borrower, issuer or guarantor under
certain material bank facilities or any debt securities.
Operations are conducted almost entirely through the Company’s subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Obligor Group’s cash
flow and ability to service its debt, including the public debt, are dependent upon the earnings of the Company’s subsidiaries
and the distribution of those earnings to the Obligor Group, whether by dividends, loans or otherwise. Holders of the guaranteed
registered debt securities have a direct claim only against the Obligor Group.
56

Set forth below are summarized financial information for the Obligor Group on a combined basis after elimination of (i)
intercompany transactions and balances between TWDC and Legacy Disney and (ii) equity in the earnings from and
investments in any subsidiary that is a non-Guarantor. This summarized financial information has been prepared and presented
pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X Rule 13-01, “Financial Disclosures about Guarantors and
Issuers of Guaranteed Securities” and is not intended to present the financial position or results of operations of the Obligor
Group in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
Results of operations ($ in millions) 2024
Revenues $ —
Costs and expenses —
Net income (loss) (2,497)
Net income (loss) attributable to TWDC shareholders (2,497)
Balance Sheet ($ in millions) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023
Current assets $ 2,767 $ 8,544
Noncurrent assets 3,336 2,927
Current liabilities 7,640 5,746
Noncurrent liabilities (excluding intercompany to non-Guarantors) 40,608 43,307
Intercompany payables to non-Guarantors 157,925 154,018
ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
The Company is exposed to the impact of interest rate changes, foreign currency fluctuations, commodity fluctuations and
changes in the market values of its investments.
Policies and Procedures
In the normal course of business, we employ established policies and procedures to manage the Company’s exposure to
changes in interest rates, foreign currencies and commodities using a variety of financial instruments.
Our objectives in managing exposure to interest rate changes are to limit the impact of interest rate volatility on earnings
and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, we primarily use interest rate swaps to
manage net exposure to interest rate changes related to the Company’s portfolio of borrowings. By policy, the Company targets
fixed-rate debt as a percentage of its net debt between minimum and maximum percentages.
Our objective in managing exposure to foreign currency fluctuations is to reduce volatility of earnings and cash flow in
order to allow management to focus on core business issues and challenges. Accordingly, the Company enters into various
contracts that change in value as foreign exchange rates change to protect the U.S. dollar equivalent value of its existing foreign
currency assets, liabilities, commitments and forecasted foreign currency revenues and expenses. The Company utilizes option
strategies and forward contracts that provide for the purchase or sale of foreign currencies to hedge probable, but not firmly
committed, transactions. The Company also uses forward and option contracts to hedge foreign currency assets and liabilities.
The principal foreign currencies hedged are the euro, Japanese yen, British pound, Chinese yuan and Canadian dollar. Cross-
currency swaps are used to effectively convert foreign currency denominated borrowings to U.S. dollar denominated
borrowings. By policy, the Company maintains hedge coverage between minimum and maximum percentages of its forecasted
foreign exchange exposures generally for periods not to exceed four years. The gains and losses on these contracts are intended
to offset changes in the U.S. dollar equivalent value of the related exposures. The economic or political conditions in certain
countries have reduced and in the future could further reduce our ability to hedge exposure to currency fluctuations in, or
repatriate cash from, those countries.
Our objectives in managing exposure to commodity fluctuations are to use commodity derivatives to reduce volatility of
earnings and cash flows arising from commodity price changes. The amounts hedged using commodity swap contracts are
based on forecasted levels of consumption of certain commodities, such as fuel, oil and gasoline.
Our objectives in managing exposures to market-based fluctuations in certain retirement liabilities are to use total return
swap contracts to reduce the volatility of earnings arising from changes in these retirement liabilities. The amounts hedged
using total return swap contracts are based on estimated liability balances.
It is the Company’s policy to enter into foreign currency and interest rate derivative transactions and other financial
instruments only to the extent considered necessary to meet its objectives as stated above. The Company does not enter into
these transactions or any other hedging transactions for speculative purposes.
See Note 17 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
57

Value at Risk (VAR)
The Company utilizes a VAR model to estimate the maximum potential one-day loss in the fair value of its interest rate,
foreign exchange, commodities and market sensitive equity financial instruments. While various modeling techniques can be
used in a VAR computation, the Company’s computations are based on a variance/co-variance technique, which assesses the
interrelationships between movements in various interest rates, currencies, commodities and equity prices. These
interrelationships were determined by observing interest rate, foreign currency, commodity and equity market changes over the
preceding quarter for the calculation of VAR amounts at each fiscal quarter end. The model includes all of the Company’s debt,
interest rate and foreign exchange, and commodities derivatives, and market sensitive equity investments. Forecasted
transactions, firm commitments and accounts receivable and payable denominated in foreign currencies, which certain of these
instruments are intended to hedge, were excluded from the model. The VAR model estimates were made assuming normal
market conditions and a 95% confidence level.
The VAR model is a risk analysis tool and does not purport to represent actual losses in fair value that will be incurred by
the Company, nor does it consider the potential effect of favorable changes in market factors.
VAR on a combined basis decreased to $255 million at September 28, 2024 from $284 million at September 30, 2023 due
to reduced interest rate volatility.
The estimated maximum potential one-day loss in fair value, calculated using the VAR model, is as follows (unaudited, in
millions):
Interest Rate Currency Equity Commodity
Sensitive Sensitive Sensitive Sensitive
Financial Financial Financial Financial Combined
Fiscal 2024 Instruments Instruments Instruments Instruments Portfolio
Year end fiscal 2024 VAR $ 235 $ 40 $ 7 $ 2 $ 255
Average VAR 290 48 5 3 315
Highest VAR 416 57 7 4 444
Lowest VAR 235 40 4 2 255
Year end fiscal 2023 VAR 258 45 4 4 284
The VAR for Asia Theme Parks is immaterial as of September 28, 2024 and has been excluded from the above table.
ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
See Index to Financial Statements and Supplemental Data on page 67.
ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We have established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the
Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and made
known to the officers who certify the Company’s financial reports and to other members of senior management and the Board
of Directors as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Based on their evaluation as of September 28, 2024, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the
Company have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management’s report set forth on page 68 is incorporated herein by reference.
Changes in Internal Controls
There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year
ended September 28, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.
58

PART III
ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Information regarding Section 16(a) compliance, the Audit Committee, the Company’s code of ethics, background of the
directors and director nominations appearing under the captions “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports,” “The Board of Directors,”
“Committees” and “Corporate Governance Documents” in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2025 annual meeting of
Shareholders (2025 Proxy Statement) is hereby incorporated by reference.
The Company has adopted an insider trading compliance policy and program applicable to the Company’s directors,
officers and employees, as well as the Company itself, that the Company believes is reasonably designed to promote
compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and the New York Stock Exchange listing standards. The foregoing
summary of the Company’s insider trading compliance policy and program does not purport to be complete and is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text thereof attached hereto as Exhibit 19.
Information regarding executive officers is included in Part I of this Form 10-K as permitted by General Instruction G(3).
ITEM 11. Executive Compensation
Information appearing under the captions “Director Compensation,” and “Executive Compensation” (other than the
“Compensation Committee Report,” which is deemed furnished herein by reference, and the “Letter from the Compensation
Committee”) in the 2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference.
ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Information setting forth the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management appearing under the caption
“Stock Ownership” and information appearing under the caption “Equity Compensation Plans” in the 2025 Proxy Statement is
hereby incorporated by reference.
ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Information regarding certain related transactions appearing under the captions “Certain Relationships and Related Person
Transactions” and information regarding director independence appearing under the caption “Director Independence” in the
2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference.
ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services
Information appearing under the captions “Auditor Fees and Services” and “Policy for Approval of Audit and Permitted
Non-Audit Services” in the 2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference.
60

Exhibit Location
10.21 Amendment dated April 18, 2023 to Employment Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of
Agreement, dated June 29, 2022 between the Company the Company filed April 20, 2023
and Kristina K. Schake †
10.22 Amendment dated December 13, 2023 to that certain Exhibit 10.7 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for
Employment Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2022, by the quarter ended December 30, 2023
and between The Walt Disney Company and Kristina
K.Schake, as amended †
10.23 Employment Agreement dated as of April 8, 2023, by Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for
and between the Company and Sonia L. Coleman † the quarter ended April 1, 2023
10.24 Amendment dated December 13, 2023, to that certain Exhibit 10.6 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for
Employment Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2023, by the quarter ended December 30, 2023
and between The Walt Disney Company and Sonia L.
Coleman †
10.25 Voluntary Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of
Plan † Legacy Disney filed December 23, 2014
10.26 Description of Directors Compensation Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for
the quarter ended January 1, 2022
10.27 Form of Indemnification Agreement for certain Exhibit 10.26 to the Form 10-K of the Company for
officers and directors † the fiscal year ended October 1, 2022
10.28 Form of Assignment and Assumption of Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for
Indemnification Agreement for certain officers and the quarter ended June 29, 2019
directors †
10.29 1995 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors Exhibit 20 to the Form S-8 Registration Statement
(No. 33-57811) of DEI, dated Feb. 23, 1995
10.30 Amended and Restated 2002 Executive Performance Annex A to the Proxy Statement for the 2013
Plan † Annual Meeting of Legacy Disney
10.31 Management Incentive Bonus Program † The portions of the tables labeled “Performance-
based Bonus” in the sections of the Proxy Statement
for the 2022 annual meeting titled “Executive
Compensation Program Structure - Objectives and
Methods - Objectives and Key Features” and
“Compensation Process” and the section of the
Proxy Statement titled “Performance Goals”
10.32 Amended and Restated 1997 Non-Employee Directors Annex II to the Proxy Statement for the 2003
Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan annual meeting of Legacy Disney
10.33 Amended and Restated The Walt Disney Company/ Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of
Pixar 2004 Equity Incentive Plan † Legacy Disney filed December 1, 2006
10.34 Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Incentive Plan † Annex A to Proxy Statement of registrant filed
February 1, 2024
10.35 Disney Key Employees Retirement Savings Plan † Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q of Legacy Disney for
the quarter ended July 2, 2011
10.36 Amendments dated April 30, 2015 to the Amended and Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q of Legacy Disney for
Restated The Walt Disney Productions and Associated the quarter ended March 28, 2015
Companies Key Employees Deferred Compensation
and Retirement Plan, Amended and Restated Benefit
Equalization Plan of ABC, Inc. and Disney Key
Employees Retirement Savings Plan †
10.37 Second Amendment to the Disney Key Employees Exhibit 10.33 to the Form 10-K of the Company for
Retirement Savings Plan † the fiscal year ended October 2, 2021
10.38 Third Amendment to the Disney Key Employees Exhibit 10.9 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for
Retirement Savings Plan † the quarter ended January 1, 2022
10.39 Amended and Restated Severance Pay Plan † Filed herewith
10.40 Group Personal Excess Liability Insurance Plan † Exhibit 10.8 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for
the quarter ended January 1, 2022
10.41 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for
Agreement † the quarter ended January 2, 2021
10.42 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Exhibit 10.6 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for
Agreement † the quarter ended July 2, 2022
63

Exhibit Location
10.66 Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of March 1, 2024 Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of
the Company filed March 4, 2024
10.67 Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of March 4, 2022 Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of
the Company filed March 9, 2022
10.68 364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of March 1, 2024 Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of
the Company filed March 4, 2024
19 The Walt Disney Company and Associated Companies Filed herewith
Insider Trading Compliance Policy and Program
21 Subsidiaries of the Company Filed herewith
22 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries Filed herewith
23 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Filed herewith
31(a) Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Filed herewith
Officer of the Company in accordance with Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
31(b) Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Interim Chief Financial Filed herewith
Officer of the Company in accordance with Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32(a) Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Furnished herewith
of the Company in accordance with Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002**
32(b) Section 1350 Certification of Interim Chief Financial Furnished herewith
Officer of the Company in accordance with Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002**
97 The Walt Disney Company Clawback Policy Filed herewith
101 The following materials from the Company’s Annual Filed herewith
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September
28, 2024 formatted in Inline Extensible Business
Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the Consolidated
Statements of Income, (ii) the Consolidated Statements
of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated
Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Equity
and (vi) related notes
104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Filed herewith
Inline XBRL document)
* Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted
schedule or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request.
** A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be
retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request.
† Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary
None.
65

THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA
Page
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 68
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 238) 69
Consolidated Financial Statements of The Walt Disney Company and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended September 28, 2024, September 30, 2023 and
October 1, 2022 71
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended September 28, 2024, September
30, 2023 and October 1, 2022 72
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 73
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 28, 2024, September 30, 2023
and October 1, 2022 74
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the Years Ended September 28, 2024, September
30, 2023 and October 1, 2022 75
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 76
All schedules are omitted for the reason that they are not applicable or the required information is included in the financial
statements or notes.
67

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of The Walt Disney Company
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiaries (the
“Company”) as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, of
comprehensive income, of shareholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 28,
2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal
control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included
in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express
opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in
all material respects.
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of
internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated
financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to
accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging,
69

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(in millions, except per share data)
2024 2023 2022
Revenues:
Services $ 81,841 $ 79,562 $ 74,200
Products 9,520 9,336 8,522
Total revenues 91,361 88,898 82,722
Costs and expenses:
Cost of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) (52,509) (53,139) (48,962)
Cost of products (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) (6,189) (6,062) (5,439)
Selling, general, administrative and other (15,759) (15,336) (16,388)
Depreciation and amortization (4,990) (5,369) (5,163)
Total costs and expenses (79,447) (79,906) (75,952)
Restructuring and impairment charges (3,595) (3,892) (237)
Other income (expense), net (65) 96 (667)
Interest expense, net (1,260) (1,209) (1,397)
Equity in the income of investees 575 782 816
Income from continuing operations before income taxes 7,569 4,769 5,285
Income taxes on continuing operations (1,796) (1,379) (1,732)
Net income from continuing operations 5,773 3,390 3,553
Loss from discontinued operations, net of income tax benefit of $0, $0 and $14, respectively — — (48)
Net income 5,773 3,390 3,505
Net income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling and redeemable
(801) (1,036) (360)
noncontrolling interests
Net income attributable to The Walt Disney Company (Disney) $ 4,972 $ 2,354 $ 3,145
Earnings (loss) per share attributable to Disney(1):
Diluted
Continuing operations $ 2.72 $ 1.29 $ 1.75
Discontinued operations — — (0.03)
$ 2.72 $ 1.29 $ 1.72
Basic
Continuing operations $ 2.72 $ 1.29 $ 1.75
Discontinued operations — — (0.03)
$ 2.72 $ 1.29 $ 1.73
Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding:
Diluted 1,831 1,830 1,827
Basic 1,825 1,828 1,822
(1) Total may not equal the sum of the column due to rounding.
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
71

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(in millions, except share data)
September 28, September 30,
2024 2023
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents $ 6,002 $ 14,182
Receivables, net 12,729 12,330
Inventories 2,022 1,963
Content advances 2,097 3,002
Other current assets 2,391 1,286
Total current assets 25,241 32,763
Produced and licensed content costs 32,312 33,591
Investments 4,459 3,080
Parks, resorts and other property
Attractions, buildings and equipment 76,674 70,090
Accumulated depreciation (45,506) (42,610)
31,168 27,480
Projects in progress 4,728 6,285
Land 1,145 1,176
37,041 34,941
Intangible assets, net 10,739 13,061
Goodwill 73,326 77,067
Other assets 13,101 11,076
Total assets $ 196,219 $ 205,579
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities $ 21,070 $ 20,671
Current portion of borrowings 6,845 4,330
Deferred revenue and other 6,684 6,138
Total current liabilities 34,599 31,139
Borrowings 38,970 42,101
Deferred income taxes 6,277 7,258
Other long-term liabilities 10,851 12,069
Commitments and contingencies (Note 14)
Redeemable noncontrolling interests — 9,055
Equity
Preferred stock — —
Common stock, $0.01 par value, Authorized – 4.6 billion shares, Issued – 1.9 billion shares at September 28,
2024 and 1.8 billion shares at September 30, 2023 58,592 57,383
Retained earnings 49,722 46,093
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (3,699) (3,292)
Treasury stock, at cost, 47 million shares at September 28, 2024 and 19 million shares at September 30, 2023 (3,919) (907)
Total Disney Shareholders’ equity 100,696 99,277
Noncontrolling interests 4,826 4,680
Total equity 105,522 103,957
Total liabilities and equity $ 196,219 $ 205,579
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
73

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in millions)
2024 2023 2022
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net income from continuing operations $ 5,773 $ 3,390 $ 3,553
Depreciation and amortization 4,990 5,369 5,163
Impairments of goodwill, produced and licensed content and other assets 3,511 3,128 212
Net (gain)/loss on investments 5 (166) 714
Deferred income taxes (821) (1,346) 200
Equity in the income of investees (575) (782) (816)
Cash distributions received from equity investees 437 720 779
Net change in produced and licensed content costs and advances 1,046 (1,908) (6,271)
Equity-based compensation 1,366 1,143 977
Pension and postretirement medical cost amortization (96) 4 620
Other, net (52) 137 383
Changes in operating assets and liabilities
Receivables (565) 358 605
Inventories (42) (183) (420)
Other assets 265 (201) (707)
Accounts payable and other liabilities 156 (1,142) 964
Income taxes (1,427) 1,345 46
Cash provided by operations - continuing operations 13,971 9,866 6,002
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Investments in parks, resorts and other property (5,412) (4,969) (4,943)
Proceeds from sales of investments 105 458 52
Purchase of investments (1,506) — —
Other, net (68) (130) (117)
Cash used in investing activities - continuing operations (6,881) (4,641) (5,008)
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Commercial paper borrowings (payments), net 1,532 (191) (334)
Borrowings 132 83 333
Reduction of borrowings (3,064) (1,675) (4,016)
Dividends (1,366) — —
Repurchases of common stock (2,992) — —
Contributions from noncontrolling interests 9 735 74
Acquisition of redeemable noncontrolling interests (8,610) (900) —
Other, net (929) (776) (786)
Cash used in financing activities - continuing operations (15,288) (2,724) (4,729)
CASH FLOWS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
Cash provided by operations - discontinued operations — — 8
Cash used in financing activities - discontinued operations — — (12)
Cash used in discontinued operations — — (4)
Impact of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 65 73 (603)
Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (8,133) 2,574 (4,342)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 14,235 11,661 16,003
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year $ 6,102 $ 14,235 $ 11,661
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
Interest paid $ 2,134 $ 2,110 $ 1,685
Income taxes paid $ 3,963 $ 1,193 $ 1,097
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
74

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
(in millions)
Equity Attributable to Disney
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive Total Non-
Common Retained Income Treasury Disney controlling
Shares Stock Earnings (Loss) Stock Equity Interests(1) Total Equity
Balance at October 2, 2021 1,818 $ 55,471 $ 40,429 $ (6,440) $ (907) $ 88,553 $ 4,458 $ 93,011
Comprehensive income (loss) — — 3,145 2,321 — 5,466 (68) 5,398
Equity compensation activity 6 925 — — — 925 — 925
Contributions — — — — — — 74 74
Distributions and other — 2 62 — — 64 (593) (529)
Balance at October 1, 2022 1,824 $ 56,398 $ 43,636 $ (4,119) $ (907) $ 95,008 $ 3,871 $ 98,879
Comprehensive income — — 2,354 827 — 3,181 549 3,730
Equity compensation activity 6 1,056 — — — 1,056 — 1,056
Contributions — — — — — — 806 806
Distributions and other — (71) 103 — — 32 (546) (514)
Balance at September 30, 2023 1,830 $ 57,383 $ 46,093 $ (3,292) $ (907) $ 99,277 $ 4,680 $ 103,957
Comprehensive income (loss) — — 4,972 (407) — 4,565 730 5,295
Equity compensation activity 10 1,195 — — — 1,195 — 1,195
Dividends — 13 (1,379) — — (1,366) — (1,366)
Common stock repurchases (28) — — — (2,992) (2,992) — (2,992)
Contributions — — — — — — 9 9
Distributions and other — 1 36 — (20) 17 (593) (576)
Balance at September 28, 2024 1,812 $ 58,592 $ 49,722 $ (3,699) $ (3,919) $ 100,696 $ 4,826 $ 105,522
(1) Excludes redeemable noncontrolling interest.
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
75

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Tabular dollars in millions, except where noted and per share amounts)
1
Description of the Business and Segment Information
The Walt Disney Company, together with the subsidiaries through which businesses are conducted (the Company), is a
diversified worldwide entertainment company with operations in three segments: Entertainment, Sports and Experiences.
The terms “Company”, “we”, “our” and “us” are used in this report to refer collectively to the parent company and the
subsidiaries through which businesses are conducted.
DESCRIPTION OF THE BUSINESS
Entertainment
The Entertainment segment generally encompasses the Company’s non-sports focused global film and television content
production and distribution activities.
The lines of business within Entertainment along with their significant business activities include the following:
• Linear Networks
◦ Domestic: ABC Television Network (ABC Network); Disney, Freeform, FX and National Geographic (owned 73%
by the Company) branded television channels; and eight owned ABC television stations
◦ International: Disney, FX, National Geographic (owned 73% by the Company) and Star branded general
entertainment television channels outside of the U.S.
◦ A 50% equity investment in A+E Television Networks (A+E), which operates cable channels including A&E,
HISTORY and Lifetime
• Direct-to-Consumer
◦ Disney+: a global direct-to-consumer (DTC) service that primarily offers general entertainment and family
programming
◦ Disney+ Hotstar: a DTC service primarily in India that offers general entertainment, family and sports
programming.
◦ Hulu: a U.S. DTC service that offers general entertainment and family programming and a digital over-the-top
service that includes live linear streams of various cable and broadcast networks. See Note 2 for information on
Hulu LLC (Hulu) ownership.
• Content Sales/Licensing
◦ Theatrical distribution
◦ Sale/licensing of film and episodic content to television and video-on-demand (TV/VOD) services
◦ Home entertainment distribution: electronic home video licenses, video-on-demand rentals and sales of DVD/Blu-
ray discs
◦ Intersegment allocation of revenues from the Experiences segment, which is meant to reflect royalties on consumer
products merchandise licensing revenues generated on intellectual property (IP) created by the Entertainment
segment
◦ Staging and licensing of live entertainment events on Broadway and around the world (Stage Plays)
◦ Music distribution
◦ Post-production services by Industrial Light & Magic and Skywalker Sound
Entertainment also includes the following activities that are reported with Content Sales/Licensing:
• National Geographic magazine and online business (owned 73% by the Company)
• A 30% ownership interest in Tata Play Limited, which operates a direct-to-home satellite distribution platform in India
The significant revenues of Entertainment are as follows:
• Subscription fees - Fees charged to customers/subscribers for our DTC streaming services
• Advertising - Sales of advertising time/space
• Affiliate fees - Fees charged to multi-channel video programming distributors (i.e. cable, satellite, telecommunications
and digital over-the-top service providers) (MVPDs) for the right to deliver our programming to their customers.
Linear Networks also generates revenues from fees charged to television stations affiliated with ABC Network.
• Theatrical distribution - Rentals from licensing our films to theaters
• TV/VOD distribution - Licensing fees for the right to use our film and episodic content
76

SEGMENT INFORMATION
Our operating segments report separate financial information, which is evaluated regularly by the Chief Executive Officer
in order to decide how to allocate resources and to assess performance. We do not present a measure of total assets for our
reportable segments as this information is not used by management to allocate resources and capital.
Segment operating results reflect earnings before corporate and unallocated shared expenses, restructuring and impairment
charges, net other income, net interest expense, income taxes and noncontrolling interests. Segment operating income generally
includes equity in the income of investees and excludes impairments of certain equity investments and acquisition accounting
amortization of TFCF Corporation (TFCF) and Hulu assets (i.e. intangible assets and the fair value step-up for film and
episodic costs) recognized in connection with the TFCF acquisition in fiscal 2019 (TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization).
Corporate and unallocated shared expenses principally consist of corporate functions, executive management and certain
unallocated administrative support functions.
Segment operating results include allocations of certain costs, including information technology, pension, legal and other
shared services costs, which are allocated based on metrics designed to correlate with consumption.
Segment revenues and segment operating income are as follows:
2024 2023 2022
Revenues
Entertainment
Third parties $ 40,775 $ 40,258 $ 39,231
Intersegment 411 377 338
41,186 40,635 39,569
Sports
Third parties 16,435 16,091 16,429
Intersegment 1,184 1,020 841
17,619 17,111 17,270
Experiences 34,151 32,549 28,085
Eliminations (1,595) (1,397) (1,179)
Total segment revenues $ 91,361 $ 88,898 $ 83,745
Segment operating income (loss)
Entertainment $ 3,923 $ 1,444 $ 2,126
Sports 2,406 2,465 2,710
Experiences 9,272 8,954 7,285
Total segment operating income(1) $ 15,601 $ 12,863 $ 12,121
(1) Equity in the income of investees is included in segment operating income as follows:
2024 2023 2022
Entertainment $ 529 $ 685 $ 783
Sports 58 55 55
Experiences — (2) (10)
Equity in the income of investees included in segment
operating income 587 738 828
A+E Gain(1) — 56 —
Amortization of TFCF intangible assets related to equity
investees (12) (12) (12)
Equity in the income of investees $ 575 $ 782 $ 816
(1) Restructuring and impairment charges in fiscal 2023 include the impact of a content license agreement termination
with A+E, which generated a gain at A+E. The Company’s 50% interest of this gain was $56 million (A+E gain).
79

A reconciliation of segment revenues to total revenues is as follows:
2024 2023 2022
Segment revenues $ 91,361 $ 88,898 $ 83,745
Content License Early Termination(1) — — (1,023)
Total revenues $ 91,361 $ 88,898 $ 82,722
(1) In fiscal 2022, the Company early terminated certain license agreements with a customer for film and episodic content,
which was delivered in previous years, in order for the Company to use the content primarily on our Entertainment
Direct-to-Consumer services (Content License Early Termination). Because the content is functional IP, we had
recognized substantially all of the consideration to be paid by the customer under the licenses as revenue in prior years
when the content was delivered. Consequently, we have recorded the amounts to terminate the license agreements, net
of remaining amounts of deferred revenue, as a reduction of revenue.
A reconciliation of segment operating income to income from continuing operations before income taxes is as follows:
2024 2023 2022
Segment operating income $ 15,601 $ 12,863 $ 12,121
Content License Early Termination — — (1,023)
Corporate and unallocated shared expenses (1,435) (1,147) (1,159)
Restructuring and impairment charges(1) (3,595) (3,836) (237)
Other income (expense), net(2) (65) 96 (667)
Interest expense, net (1,260) (1,209) (1,397)
TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization(3) (1,677) (1,998) (2,353)
Income from continuing operations before income taxes $ 7,569 $ 4,769 $ 5,285
(1) Net of the A+E Gain in fiscal 2023.
(2) “Other income (expense), net” for fiscal 2024 and 2023 includes charges related to a legal ruling of $65 million and
$101 million, respectively. Fiscal 2023 and 2022 include a gain of $169 million and a loss of $663 million,
respectively, to adjust our investment in DraftKings, Inc. to fair value. The Company sold the DraftKings investment
in fiscal 2023.
(3) TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization is as follows:
2024 2023 2022
Amortization of intangible assets $ 1,394 $ 1,547 $ 1,707
Step-up of film and episodic costs 271 439 634
Intangibles related to TFCF equity investees 12 12 12
$ 1,677 $ 1,998 $ 2,353
80

Long-lived assets(1) by geographical markets are as follows:
September 28, September 30,
2024 2023
Americas $ 62,107 $ 60,988
Europe 10,299 9,760
Asia Pacific 6,535 7,829
$ 78,941 $ 78,577
(1) Long-lived assets are primarily parks, resorts and other property, produced and licensed content costs, right-of-use
lease assets, equity method investments and benefit plans in a net asset position. The fiscal 2023 presentation has been
adjusted to conform with the fiscal 2024 presentation.
2
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Principles of Consolidation
The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of The Walt Disney Company and its
majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
The Company enters into relationships with or makes investments in other entities that may be variable interest entities
(VIE). A VIE is consolidated in the financial statements if the Company has the power to direct activities that most significantly
impact the economic performance of the VIE and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the
VIE that could potentially be significant (as defined by ASC 810-10-25-38) to the VIE. Hong Kong Disneyland Resort and
Shanghai Disney Resort (together, the Asia Theme Parks) are VIEs in which the Company has less than 50% equity ownership.
Company subsidiaries (the Management Companies) have management agreements with the Asia Theme Parks, which provide
the Management Companies, subject to certain protective rights of joint venture partners, with the ability to direct the day-to-
day operating activities and the development of business strategies that we believe most significantly impact the economic
performance of the Asia Theme Parks. In addition, the Management Companies receive management fees under these
arrangements that we believe could be significant to the Asia Theme Parks. Therefore, the Company has consolidated the Asia
Theme Parks in its financial statements.
Reporting Period
The Company’s fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to September 30 and consists of fifty-two weeks with the
exception that approximately every six years, we have a fifty-three week year. When a fifty-three week year occurs, the
Company reports the additional week in the fourth quarter. Fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were fifty-two week years.
Reclassifications
Certain reclassifications have been made in the fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 financial statements and notes to conform to
the fiscal 2024 presentation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and footnotes thereto. Actual
results may differ from those estimates.
Revenues and Costs from Services and Products
The Company generates revenue from the sale of both services and tangible products and revenues and operating costs are
classified under these two categories in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Certain costs related to both the sale of services
and tangible products are not specifically allocated between the service or tangible product revenue streams but are instead
attributed to the principal revenue stream. The cost of services and tangible products exclude depreciation and amortization.
Significant service revenues include:
• Subscription fees to our DTC streaming services
• Affiliate fees
• Advertising revenues
• Admissions to our theme parks, charges for room nights at hotels and sales of cruise vacation packages
• Revenue from the licensing and distribution of film and television properties
• Royalties from licensing our IP for use on consumer goods, published materials and in multi-platform games
82

relative standalone selling price using management’s best estimate. Revenue is recognized at the start of each
availability period when the content is made available for use by the licensee.
When the term of an existing agreement is renewed or extended, revenues are recognized when the licensed content
becomes available under the renewal or extension.
• Theatrical distribution licensing fees are recognized as revenue based on the contractual royalty rate applied to the
distributor’s underlying sales from exhibition of the film.
• Home entertainment sales in electronic formats are recognized as revenue when the content is available for use by the
consumer. Royalties from the licensing of physical home entertainment distribution rights are recognized as revenue as
earned based on the contractual royalty rate applied to the licensee’s underlying product sales. Sales in physical
formats through distributors are recognized as revenue on the later of the delivery date or the date that the product can
be sold by retailers. We reduce home entertainment physical distribution revenues for estimated future returns of
merchandise and sales incentives based upon historical return experience, current economic trends and projections of
consumer demand for our products.
• Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from revenue.
• Shipping and handling fees collected from customers are recorded as revenue and the related shipping expenses are
recorded in cost of products upon delivery of the product to the consumer.
Allowance for Credit Losses
We evaluate our allowance for credit losses and estimate collectability of current and non-current accounts receivable
based on historical bad debt experience, our assessment of the financial condition of individual companies with which we do
business, current market conditions and reasonable supportable forecasts of future economic conditions.
Advertising Expense
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $6.1 billion, $6.4
billion and $7.2 billion, respectively. The decrease in advertising expense for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 was due to a
decrease in theatrical marketing costs. The decrease in advertising expense for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was due to
lower spend for our DTC streaming services.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and marketable securities with original maturities of three months or
less. Cash and cash equivalents subject to contractual restrictions and not readily available are classified as restricted cash.
The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported in the Consolidated
Balance Sheet to the total of the amounts in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
September 28, September 30, October 1,
2024 2023 2022
Cash and cash equivalents $ 6,002 $ 14,182 $ 11,615
Restricted cash included in:
Other current assets — — 3
Other assets 100 53 43
Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in the statement
of cash flows $ 6,102 $ 14,235 $ 11,661
Investments
Investments in equity securities with a readily determinable fair value, not accounted for under the equity method, are
recorded at that value with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings. For equity securities without a readily determinable
fair value, the investment is recorded at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus adjustments related to observable transactions
for the same or similar securities, with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings.
For equity method investments, the Company regularly reviews its investments to determine whether there is a decline in
fair value below book value. If there is a decline that is other-than-temporary, the investment is written down to fair value.
Translation Policy
Generally, the U.S. dollar is the functional currency for our international film and episodic content distribution and
licensing businesses and the branded international channels and DTC streaming services. Generally, the local currency is the
functional currency for the Asia Theme Parks, Disneyland Paris, international sports channels and international locations of The
Disney Store.
84

For U.S. dollar functional currency locations, foreign currency assets and liabilities are remeasured into U.S. dollars at
end-of-period exchange rates, except for non-monetary balance sheet accounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange
rates. Revenue and expenses are remeasured at average exchange rates in effect during each period, except for those expenses
related to the non-monetary balance sheet amounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Gains or losses from
foreign currency remeasurement are included in income.
For local currency functional locations, assets and liabilities are translated at end-of-period rates while revenues and
expenses are translated at average rates in effect during the period. Equity is translated at historical rates and the resulting
cumulative translation adjustments are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI).
Inventories
Inventory primarily includes vacation timeshare units, merchandise, food, materials and supplies. Carrying amounts of
vacation ownership units are recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Carrying amounts of merchandise, food,
materials and supplies inventories are generally determined on a moving average cost basis and are recorded at the lower of cost
or net realizable value.
Film and Television Content Costs
The Company classifies its capitalized produced and acquired/licensed content costs as long-term assets (“Produced and
licensed content costs” in the Consolidated Balance Sheet) and classifies advances for live programming rights made prior to
the live event as short-term assets (“Content advances” in the Consolidated Balance Sheet). For produced content, we capitalize
all direct costs incurred in the physical production of a film, as well as allocations of production overhead and capitalized
interest. For licensed and acquired content, we capitalize the license fee or acquisition cost, respectively. For purposes of
amortization and impairment, the capitalized content costs are classified based on their predominant monetization strategy as
follows:
• Individual - lifetime value is predominantly derived from third-party revenues that are directly attributable to the
specific film or television title (e.g. theatrical revenues or sales to third-party television programmers)
• Group - lifetime value is predominantly derived from third-party revenues that are attributable only to a bundle of titles
(e.g. subscription revenue for a DTC service or affiliate fees for a cable television network)
The determination of the predominant monetization strategy is made at commencement of production on a consolidated
basis and is based on the means by which we derive third-party revenues from use of the content. Imputed title by title license
fees that may be necessary for other purposes are established as required for those purposes.
We generally classify content that is initially intended for use on our DTC streaming services or Linear Networks as group
assets. We generally classify content initially intended for theatrical release or for sale to third-party licensees as individual
assets. The classification of content as individual or group only changes if there is a significant change to the title’s
monetization strategy relative to its initial assessment (e.g. content that was initially intended for license to a third party is
instead used on an owned DTC service). When there is a significant change in monetization strategy, the title’s capitalized
content costs are tested for impairment.
Production costs for content that is predominantly monetized individually are amortized based upon the ratio of the
current period’s revenues to the estimated remaining total revenues (Ultimate Revenues). For film productions, Ultimate
Revenues include revenues from all sources, which may include imputed license fees for content that is used on our DTC
streaming services, that will be earned within ten years from the date of the initial release for theatrical films. For episodic
series that are classified as individual, Ultimate Revenues include revenues that will be earned within ten years, including
imputed license fees for content that is used on our DTC streaming services, from delivery of the first episode, or if still in
production, five years from delivery of the most recent episode, if later. Participations and residuals are expensed over the
applicable product life cycle based upon the ratio of the current period’s revenues to the estimated remaining total revenues for
each production.
Production costs that are predominantly monetized as a group are amortized based on projected usage, generally resulting
in an accelerated or straight-line amortization pattern. Adjustments to projected usage are applied prospectively in the period of
the change. Participations and residuals are generally expensed in line with the pattern of usage.
Licensed rights to film and television content and other programs for broadcast on our Linear Networks, domestic ESPN
television network, International Sports Channels or DTC streaming services are expensed on an accelerated or straight-line
basis over their useful life or over the number of times the program is expected to be aired, as appropriate. We amortize rights
costs for multi-year sports programming arrangements during the applicable seasons based on the estimated relative value of
each year in the arrangement. If annual contractual payments related to each season approximate each season’s estimated
relative value, we expense the related contractual payments during the applicable season.
85

cash flows expected to be generated over the useful life of the significant assets of an asset group to the carrying amount of the
asset group. An asset group is generally established by identifying the lowest level of cash flows generated by a group of assets
that are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and could include assets used across multiple businesses. If the
carrying amount of an asset group exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment would be measured as
the difference between the fair value of the asset group and the carrying amount of the asset group. For assets held for sale, to
the extent the carrying amount is greater than the asset’s fair value less costs to sell, an impairment loss is recognized for the
difference.
The Company recorded non-cash impairment charges in fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 that are further described in Note 18.
Financial Risk Management Contracts
In the normal course of business, the Company employs a variety of financial instruments (derivatives) including interest
rate and cross-currency swap agreements and forward and option contracts to manage its exposure to fluctuations in interest
rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices.
The Company formally documents all relationships between hedges and hedged items as well as its risk management
objectives and strategies for undertaking various hedge transactions. The Company primarily enters into two types of
derivatives: hedges of fair value exposure and hedges of cash flow exposure. Hedges of fair value exposure are entered into in
order to hedge the fair value of a recognized asset, liability, or a firm commitment. Hedges of cash flow exposure are entered
into in order to hedge a forecasted transaction (e.g. forecasted revenue) or the variability of cash flows to be paid or received,
related to a recognized liability or asset (e.g. floating-rate debt).
The Company designates and assigns the derivatives as hedges of forecasted transactions, specific assets or specific
liabilities. When hedged assets or liabilities are sold or extinguished or the forecasted transactions being hedged impact
earnings or are no longer expected to occur, the Company recognizes the gain or loss on the designated derivatives.
The Company’s hedge positions are measured at fair value on the balance sheet. Realized gains and losses from hedges
are classified in the income statement consistent with the accounting treatment of the items being hedged. The Company
accrues the differential for interest rate swaps to be paid or received under the agreements as interest rates change as
adjustments to interest expense over the lives of the swaps. Gains and losses on the termination of effective swap agreements,
prior to their original maturity, are deferred and amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the underlying hedged
transactions.
The Company enters into derivatives that are not designated as hedges and do not qualify for hedge accounting. These
derivatives are intended to offset certain economic exposures of the Company and are carried at fair value with changes in value
recorded in earnings. Cash flows from hedging activities are classified in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows under the
same category as the cash flows from the related assets, liabilities or forecasted transactions (see Notes 8 and 17).
Income Taxes
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded with respect to temporary differences in the accounting treatment
of items for financial reporting purposes and for income tax purposes. Where, based on the weight of available evidence, it is
more likely than not that some amount of recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is established
for the amount that, in management’s judgment, is sufficient to reduce the deferred tax asset to an amount that is more likely
than not to be realized.
A tax position must meet a minimum probability threshold before a financial statement benefit is recognized. The
minimum threshold is defined as a tax position that is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the applicable
taxing authority, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position.
The tax benefit to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being
realized upon ultimate settlement.
Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
Hulu LLC
The Company has a 67% ownership interest in Hulu. In November 2023, NBC Universal (NBCU) exercised its right to
require the Company to purchase their 33% interest in Hulu at a redemption value based on NBCU’s equity ownership
percentage of the greater of Hulu’s equity fair value or a guaranteed floor value of $27.5 billion. In connection with the
redemption, the Company will pay NBCU 50% of the future tax benefits from the amortization of the purchase of NBCU’s
interest in Hulu as the Company’s cash tax benefits are realized, generally over a 15-year period. In December 2023, the
Company paid NBCU $8.6 billion, which reflected the guaranteed floor value less NBCU’s unpaid capital call contributions. If
Hulu’s equity fair value is determined pursuant to a contractual appraisal process to be higher than the guaranteed floor value,
the Company is required to pay NBCU its share of the difference between the equity fair value and the guaranteed floor value.
88

In May 2024, the Company and NBCU entered into a confidential arbitration to resolve a dispute regarding the
contractual appraisal process, in which the parties seek declaratory relief, equitable relief and unspecified damages. The
Company expects a decision in that arbitration in fiscal 2025. The outcome of the arbitration is uncertain, and we cannot
reasonably estimate the impact of the arbitration on the appraisal process, and thus any impact on the determination of Hulu’s
equity fair value and any additional amount we may be required to pay to acquire NBCU’s interest in Hulu.
As part of the arbitration the Company disputes the validity of aspects of NBCU’s appraisal and the corresponding
process. Consequently, completion of the appraisal process, including the manner of determining any such additional amount
payable by the Company, awaits the resolution of the confidential arbitration.
During the initial phase of the appraisal process, the Company’s appraiser arrived at a valuation that falls below the
guaranteed floor value, while NBCU’s appraiser arrived at a valuation substantially in excess of the guaranteed floor value.
Once the arbitration is completed, determination of the final equity fair value will take into account the valuation of a third
appraiser pursuant to the appraisal process as resolved by the arbitration. If the third appraiser’s equity fair value determination
were equal to or below the guaranteed floor value, the Company would not be required to pay NBCU any additional amount.
Conversely, if NBCU’s appraiser’s valuation were deemed to be valid and the third appraiser’s equity fair value determination
were consistent with the NBCU’s appraiser’s valuation, the Company would be required to pay NBCU an additional amount of
approximately $5 billion as its share of the difference between the equity fair value and the guaranteed floor value. If the third
appraiser’s equity fair value determination were between the valuations of the Company’s and NBCU’s appraisers, the
incremental amount would likewise be between zero and approximately $5 billion.
Any incremental amount determined to be payable to NBCU to acquire NBCU’s interest in Hulu would be recorded as
“Net income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests” and thus reduce “Net income attributable to
Disney” in the Consolidated Statements of Income in the period recorded.
BAMTech LLC
In November 2022, the Company purchased MLB’s 15% redeemable noncontrolling interest in BAMTech LLC, which
holds the Company’s domestic DTC sports business, for $900 million (MLB buy-out). MLB’s interest was recorded in the
Company’s financial statements at $828 million prior to the MLB buy-out. The $72 million difference was recorded as an
increase in “Net income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests” in the Consolidated Statements of
Income.
During the fiscal year ended 2023, Hearst Corporation (Hearst) contributed $710 million to the domestic DTC sports
business, in part to fund its 20% share of the MLB buy-out and in part to fund its share of the domestic DTC sports business’s
operating cash requirements, which had been funded by the Company through intercompany loans.
Earnings Per Share
The Company presents both basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) amounts. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing net
income attributable to Disney by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted EPS is
based upon the weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding during the year, which is
calculated using the treasury-stock method for equity-based awards (Awards). Common equivalent shares are excluded from
the computation in periods for which they have an anti-dilutive effect. Stock options for which the exercise price exceeds the
average market price over the period are anti-dilutive and, accordingly, are excluded from the calculation.
A reconciliation of the weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding and the number
of Awards excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation, as they were anti-dilutive, are as follows:
2024 2023 2022
Weighted average number of common and common equivalent
shares outstanding (basic) 1,825 1,828 1,822
Weighted average dilutive impact of Awards 6 2 5
Weighted average number of common and common equivalent
shares outstanding (diluted) 1,831 1,830 1,827
Awards excluded from diluted earnings per share 24 24 15
89

Goodwill
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows:
Entertainment Sports Experiences Star India Total
Balance at Oct. 1, 2022 $ 55,488 $ 16,859 $ 5,550 $ — $ 77,897
Impairments(1) (425) (296) — — (721)
Currency translation adjustments and other, net (32) (77) — — (109)
Balance at Sep. 30, 2023 $ 55,031 $ 16,486 $ 5,550 $ — $ 77,067
Allocation to Star India (2,445) — — 2,445 —
Impairments(1) (1,287) — — (1,335) (2,622)
Reclassification to held for sale — — — (1,106) (1,106)
Currency translation adjustments and other, net (9) — — (4) (13)
Balance at Sep. 28, 2024 $ 51,290 $ 16,486 $ 5,550 $ — $ 73,326
(1) Current year reflects impairments related to entertainment linear networks and Star India (see Note 18). Prior year
reflects impairments at entertainment and international sports linear networks (see Note 18).
5
Investments
Investments consist of the following:
September 28, September 30,
2024 2023
Investments, equity basis $ 2,680 $ 2,688
Investments, other 1,779 392
$ 4,459 $ 3,080
Investments, Equity Basis
The Company’s significant equity investments include A+E (50% ownership), Tata Play Limited (30% ownership) and
CTV Specialty Television, Inc. (30% ownership). As of September 28, 2024, the book value of the Company’s equity method
investments exceeded our share of the book value of the investees’ underlying net assets by approximately $0.5 billion, which
represents amortizable intangible assets and goodwill arising from acquisitions.
Investments, Other
As of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company had securities without a readily determinable fair value
of $1.7 billion and $0.2 billion, respectively, the most significant of which at September 28, 2024 is an 8% interest in Epic
Games, Inc. valued at $1.5 billion.
Gains, losses and impairments on securities are generally recorded in “Interest expense, net” in the Consolidated
Statements of Income; these amounts were not material for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022. See Note 1 for realized and unrealized
gains and losses on securities recorded in “Other income (expense), net” in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
6
International Theme Parks
The Company has a 48% ownership interest in the operations of Hong Kong Disneyland Resort and a 43% ownership
interest in the operations of Shanghai Disney Resort (together, the Asia Theme Parks), which are both VIEs consolidated in the
Company’s financial statements. See Note 2 for the Company’s policy on consolidating VIEs. In addition, the Company has
100% ownership of Disneyland Paris. The Asia Theme Parks together with Disneyland Paris are collectively referred to as the
International Theme Parks.
93

The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of the Asia Theme Parks’ assets and liabilities included in the
Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet:
September 28, September 30,
2024 2023
Cash and cash equivalents $ 510 $ 504
Other current assets 178 159
Total current assets 688 663
Parks, resorts and other property 6,141 6,150
Other assets 217 234
Total assets $ 7,046 $ 7,047
Current liabilities $ 695 $ 720
Long-term borrowings 1,292 1,308
Other long-term liabilities 409 392
Total liabilities $ 2,396 $ 2,420
The following table summarizes the International Theme Parks’ revenues and costs and expenses included in the
Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income for fiscal 2024:
Revenues $ 5,783
Costs and expenses (4,716)
Asia Theme Parks’ royalty and management fees of $310 million for fiscal 2024 are eliminated in consolidation, but are
considered in calculating earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests.
International Theme Parks’ cash flows included in the Company’s fiscal 2024 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
were $1.7 billion provided by operating activities, $0.9 billion used in investing activities and $0.1 billion used in financing
activities.
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) and the Company have a 52% and a 48%
equity interest in Hong Kong Disneyland Resort, respectively.
The Company and HKSAR have provided loans to Hong Kong Disneyland Resort with outstanding balances of $101
million and $68 million, respectively. The interest rate on both loans is three month HIBOR plus 2%, and the scheduled
maturity date is September 2025. The Company’s loan is eliminated in consolidation.
The Company has provided Hong Kong Disneyland Resort with a revolving credit facility of HK $2.7 billion ($347
million), which bears interest at a rate of three month HIBOR plus 1.25% and matures in December 2028. The line of credit
does not have a balance outstanding.
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort is undergoing a multi-year expansion estimated to cost HK $10.9 billion ($1.4 billion).
The Company and HKSAR have agreed to fund the expansion on an equal basis through equity contributions, which totaled
$18 million and $57 million in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. To date, the Company and HKSAR have funded a total of
$791 million.
HKSAR has the right to receive additional shares over time to the extent Hong Kong Disneyland Resort exceeds certain
return on asset performance targets. The amount of additional shares HKSAR can receive is capped on an annual basis and
could decrease the Company’s equity interest by up to 6 percentage points over a period no shorter than 10 years.
Shanghai Disney Resort
Shanghai Shendi (Group) Co., Ltd (Shendi) and the Company have 57% and 43% equity interests in Shanghai Disney
Resort, respectively. A management company, in which the Company has a 70% interest and Shendi a 30% interest, operates
Shanghai Disney Resort.
The Company has provided Shanghai Disney Resort with loans totaling $961 million bearing interest at 8% and are
scheduled to mature in 2036 with earlier payments required based on available cash flows. In addition, early repayment is
permitted. The loan is eliminated in consolidation. The Company has also provided Shanghai Disney Resort with a 1.9 billion
yuan (approximately $0.3 billion) line of credit bearing interest at 8%. The line of credit does not have a balance outstanding.
94

The following table details the change in valuation allowance for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 (in billions):
Balance at Increases
Beginning of (Decreases) to Balance at End
Period Tax Expense Other Changes of Period
Year ended September 28, 2024 $ 3.2 $ (0.3) $ 0.1 $ 3.0
Year ended September 30, 2023 2.9 0.2 0.1 3.2
Year ended October 1, 2022 2.8 0.4 (0.3) 2.9
Reconciliation of the effective income tax rate for continuing operations to the federal rate
2024 2023 2022
Federal income tax rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %
State taxes, net of federal benefit(1) 2.2 5.8 3.1
Non-tax deductible impairments 8.8 3.5 —
Foreign derived intangible income (3.6) (4.3) (3.4)
Income tax audits and reserves (2.4) 1.3 2.7
Tax rate differential on foreign income (1.6) 0.1 4.3
U.S. research and development credits (1.1) (1.1) (0.6)
Tax impact of equity awards 0.8 2.1 —
Valuation allowance (0.6) (1.8) 4.5
Legislative changes — — 1.7
Other 0.2 2.3 (0.5)
23.7 % 28.9 % 32.8 %
(1) Fiscal 2023 includes an adjustment related to certain deferred state taxes
Unrecognized tax benefits
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding the related accrual for
interest and penalties, is as follows:
2024 2023 2022
Balance at the beginning of the year $ 2,517 $ 2,449 $ 2,641
Increases for current year tax positions 82 98 48
Increases for prior year tax positions 209 273 103
Decreases in prior year tax positions (423) (144) (98)
Settlements with taxing authorities (239) (153) (235)
Lapse in statute of limitations (194) (6) (10)
Balance at the end of the year $ 1,952 $ 2,517 $ 2,449
Balances at September 28, 2024, September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022 include $1.4 billion, $1.8 billion and $1.9
billion, respectively, that if recognized, would reduce our income tax expense and effective tax rate. These amounts are net of
the offsetting benefits from other tax jurisdictions.
At September 28, 2024, September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022 accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized
tax benefits were $0.9 billion, $1.0 billion and $1.0 billion, respectively. During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company
recorded additional interest and penalties of $157 million, $210 million and $157 million, respectively, and recorded reductions
in accrued interest and penalties of $151 million, $241 million and $119 million, respectively. The Company’s policy is to
report interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense.
The Company is generally no longer subject to U.S. federal examination for years prior to 2018. The Company is no
longer subject to examination in any of its major state or foreign tax jurisdictions for years prior to 2008.
In the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits could change due to the resolution
of open tax matters, which would reduce our unrecognized tax benefits by $0.9 billion.
Other
In fiscal 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized income tax expense of $55 million and $93 million, respectively, for
the shortfall between equity-based compensation deductions and amounts recorded based on the grant date fair value. In fiscal
101

2022, the Company recognized income tax benefits of $2 million for the excess of equity-based compensation deductions over
amounts recorded based on the grant date fair value.
10
Pension and Other Benefit Programs
The Company maintains pension and postretirement medical benefit plans covering certain of its employees not covered
by union or industry-wide plans. The Company has defined benefit pension plans that cover employees hired prior to January 1,
2012. For employees hired after this date, the Company has a defined contribution plan. Benefits under these pension plans are
generally based on years of service and/or compensation and generally require 3 years of vesting service. Employees generally
hired after January 1, 1987 for certain of our media businesses and other employees generally hired after January 1, 1994 are
not eligible for postretirement medical benefits.
Defined Benefit Plans
The Company measures the actuarial value of its benefit obligations and plan assets for its defined benefit pension and
postretirement medical benefit plans at September 30 and adjusts for any plan contributions or significant events between
September 30 and our fiscal year end.
The following chart summarizes the benefit obligations, assets, funded status and balance sheet impacts associated with
the defined benefit pension and postretirement medical benefit plans:
Pension Plans Postretirement Medical Plans
September 28, September 30, September 28, September 30,
2024 2023 2024 2023
Projected benefit obligations
Beginning obligations $ (14,690) $ (15,028) $ (961) $ (1,539)
Service cost (248) (282) (1) (5)
Interest cost (834) (784) (55) (81)
Actuarial gain (loss)(1) (1,667) 757 6 59
Plan amendments and other(2) 44 14 (13) 539
Benefits paid 661 633 56 66
Ending obligations $ (16,734) $ (14,690) $ (968) $ (961)
Fair value of plans’ assets
Beginning fair value $ 15,442 $ 14,721 $ 781 $ 749
Actual return on plan assets 2,789 1,324 143 71
Contributions 69 73 26 29
Benefits paid (661) (633) (56) (66)
Expenses and other (82) (43) (2) (2)
Ending fair value $ 17,557 $ 15,442 $ 892 $ 781
Overfunded (Underfunded) status of the plans $ 823 $ 752 $ (76) $ (180)
Amounts recognized in the balance sheet
Non-current assets $ 2,192 $ 1,971 $ 303 $ 209
Current liabilities (77) (72) (1) (2)
Non-current liabilities (1,292) (1,147) (378) (387)
$ 823 $ 752 $ (76) $ (180)
(1) The actuarial loss for fiscal 2024 was primarily due to a decrease in the discount rate used to determine the fiscal year-end benefit
obligation from the rate that was used in the preceding fiscal year.
(2) The amount in fiscal 2023 was due to a change in postretirement medical benefit options.
102

The Company’s total accumulated pension benefit obligations at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were $15.7
billion and $13.8 billion, respectively. Approximately 98% was vested as of both September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023.
The accumulated postretirement medical benefit obligations and fair value of plan assets for postretirement medical plans
with accumulated postretirement medical benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were $1.0 billion and $0.9 billion,
respectively, at September 28, 2024 and $1.0 billion and $0.8 billion, respectively, at September 30, 2023.
Plan Assets
A significant portion of the assets of the Company’s defined benefit plans are managed in a third-party master trust. The
investment policy and allocation of the assets in the master trust were approved by the Company’s Investment and
Administrative Committee, which has oversight responsibility for the Company’s retirement plans. The investment policy
ranges for the major asset classes are as follows:
Asset Class Minimum Maximum
Equity investments 25 % 60 %
Fixed income investments 20 % 45 %
Alternative investments 10 % 30 %
Cash & money market funds — % 10 %
The primary investment objective for the assets within the master trust is the prudent and cost effective management of
assets to satisfy benefit obligations to plan participants. Financial risks are managed through diversification of plan assets,
selection of investment managers and through the investment guidelines incorporated in investment management agreements.
Investments are monitored to assess whether returns are commensurate with risks taken.
The long-term asset allocation policy for the master trust was established taking into consideration a variety of factors that
include, but are not limited to, the average age of participants, the number of retirees, the duration of liabilities and the expected
payout ratio. Liquidity needs of the master trust are generally managed using cash generated by investments or by liquidating
securities.
Assets are generally managed by external investment managers pursuant to investment management agreements that
establish permitted securities and risk controls commensurate with the account’s investment strategy. Some agreements permit
the use of derivative securities (futures, options, interest rate swaps, credit default swaps) that enable investment managers to
enhance returns and manage exposures within their accounts.
Fair Value Measurements of Plan Assets
Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received for selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants and is generally classified in one of the following categories of the fair value hierarchy:
Level 1 – Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets
Level 2 – Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in
markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value
drivers are observable in active markets
Level 3 – Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value
drivers are unobservable
Investments that are valued using the net asset value (NAV) (or its equivalent) practical expedient are excluded from the
fair value hierarchy disclosure. NAV per share is determined based on the fair value using the underlying assets divided by the
number of units outstanding.
The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets reported at fair value. The methodologies
used at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 are the same.
Level 1 investments are valued based on reported market prices on the last trading day of the fiscal year. Investments in
common and preferred stocks and mutual funds are valued based on the securities’ exchange-listed price or a broker’s quote in
an active market. Investments in U.S. Treasury securities are valued based on a broker’s quote in an active market.
Level 2 investments in government and federal agency bonds and notes (excluding U.S. Treasury securities), corporate
bonds, mortgage-backed securities (MBS) and asset-backed securities are valued using a broker’s quote in a non-active market
or an evaluated price based on a compilation of reported market information, such as benchmark yield curves, credit spreads
and estimated default rates. Derivative financial instruments are valued based on models that incorporate observable inputs for
the underlying securities, such as interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates.
104

Estimated Future Benefit Payments
The following table presents estimated future benefit payments for the next ten fiscal years:
Pension Postretirement
Plans Medical Plans(1)
2025 $ 776 $ 51
2026 788 54
2027 837 57
2028 881 60
2029 926 62
2030 – 2034 5,199 335
(1) Estimated future benefit payments are net of expected Medicare subsidy receipts of $36 million.
Assumptions
Assumptions, such as discount rates, long-term rate of return on plan assets and the healthcare cost trend rate, have a
significant effect on the amounts reported for net periodic benefit cost as well as the related benefit obligations.
Discount Rate — The assumed discount rate for pension and postretirement medical plans reflects the market rates for
high-quality corporate bonds currently available. The Company’s discount rate was determined by considering yield curves
constructed of a large population of high-quality corporate bonds and reflects the matching of the plans’ liability cash flows to
the yield curves. The Company measures service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along that yield curve to
the plans’ liability cash flows.
Long-term rate of return on plan assets — The long-term rate of return on plan assets represents an estimate of long-term
returns on an investment portfolio consisting of a mixture of equities, fixed income and alternative investments. When
determining the long-term rate of return on plan assets, the Company considers long-term rates of return on the asset classes
(both historical and forecasted) in which the Company expects the pension funds to be invested. The following long-term rates
of return by asset class were considered in setting the long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption:
Equity Securities 6% to 10%
Debt Securities 3% to 6%
Alternative Investments 6% to 11%
Healthcare cost trend rate — The Company reviews external data and its own historical trends for healthcare costs to
determine the healthcare cost trend rates for the postretirement medical benefit plans. The 2024 actuarial valuation assumed a
7.00% annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered healthcare claims with the rate decreasing in even increments
over nineteen years until reaching 4.00%.
Sensitivity — A one percentage point change in the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets
would have the following effects as of September 28, 2024 and for fiscal 2025:
Expected Long-Term
Discount Rate Rate of Return On Assets
Benefit Projected Benefit Benefit
Increase (decrease) Expense Obligations Expense
1 percentage point decrease $ 222 $ 2,430 $ 168
1 percentage point increase (214) (2,130) (168)
Multiemployer Benefit Plans
The Company participates in a number of multiemployer pension plans under union and industry-wide collective
bargaining agreements that cover our union-represented employees and expenses its contributions to these plans as incurred.
These plans generally provide for retirement, death and/or termination benefits for eligible employees within the applicable
collective bargaining units, based on specific eligibility/participation requirements, vesting periods and benefit formulas. The
risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans. For example:
• Assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other
participating employers.
• If a participating employer stops contributing to the multiemployer plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may
become the obligation of the remaining participating employers.
106

• If a participating employer chooses to stop participating in these multiemployer plans, the employer may be required to
pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan.
The Company also participates in several multiemployer health and welfare plans that cover both active and retired
employees. Health care benefits are provided to participants who meet certain eligibility requirements under the applicable
collective bargaining unit.
The following table sets forth our contributions to multiemployer pension and health and welfare benefit plans:
2024 2023 2022
Pension plans $ 291 $ 316 $ 402
Health & welfare plans 300 299 401
Total contributions $ 591 $ 615 $ 803
Defined Contribution Plans
The Company has defined contribution retirement plans for domestic employees who began service after December 31,
2011 and are not eligible to participate in the defined benefit pension plans. In general, the Company contributes from 3% to
9% of an employee’s compensation depending on the employee’s age and years of service with the Company up to plan limits.
The Company also has savings and investment plans for which the Company generally matches 50% of employee contributions
up to plan limits. In fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, the costs of our domestic and international defined contribution plans were
$408 million, $378 million and $325 million, respectively.
11
Equity
Dividends
On February 7, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.45 per share ($0.8 billion) with respect to the
first half of fiscal 2024, which was paid in July 2024 to shareholders of record as of July 8, 2024.
On November 30, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.30 per share ($0.5 billion) with respect to
the second half of fiscal 2023, which was paid in January 2024 to shareholders of record as of December 11, 2023.
The Company did not declare or pay a dividend with respect to fiscal 2022 operations.
Share Repurchase Program
Effective February 7, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase a total of 400 million shares of
its common stock. During the year ended September 28, 2024, the Company repurchased 28 million shares of its common stock
for $3.0 billion (excluding the one percent excise tax on stock repurchases imposed by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022). As
of September 28, 2024, the Company had remaining authorization in place to repurchase approximately 372 million additional
shares. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date.
The following table summarizes the changes in each component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
(AOCI) including our proportional share of equity method investee amounts:
Unrecognized
Pension and Foreign
Market Value Postretirement Currency
Adjustments Medical Translation
for Hedges Expense and Other AOCI
AOCI, before tax
Balance at October 2, 2021 $ (152) $ (7,025) $ (1,047) $ (8,224)
Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period 1,098 2,635 (967) 2,766
Reclassifications of net (gains) losses to net income (142) 620 — 478
Balance at October 1, 2022 $ 804 $ (3,770) $ (2,014) $ (4,980)
Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period (101) 1,594 (2) 1,491
Reclassifications of net (gains) losses to net income (444) 4 42 (398)
Balance at September 30, 2023 $ 259 $ (2,172) $ (1,974) $ (3,887)
Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period (112) 25 119 32
Reclassifications of net (gains) losses to net income (466) (96) — (562)
Balance at September 28, 2024 $ (319) $ (2,243) $ (1,855) $ (4,417)
107

12
Equity-Based Compensation
Under various plans, the Company may grant stock options and other equity-based awards to executive, management,
technology and creative personnel. The Company’s approach to long-term incentive compensation contemplates awards of
stock options and restricted stock units (RSUs). Certain RSUs awarded to senior executives vest based upon the achievement of
market or performance conditions (Performance RSUs).
Stock options are generally granted with a 10 year term at exercise prices equal to or exceeding the market price at the
date of grant and become exercisable ratably over a three-year period from the grant date (exercisable ratably over a four-year
period from the grant date for awards granted prior to fiscal 2021). At the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the
Company’s Board of Directors, options can occasionally extend up to 15 years after date of grant. RSUs generally vest ratably
over three years (four years for grants awarded prior to fiscal 2021) and Performance RSUs generally fully vest after three
years, subject to achieving market or performance conditions. Equity-based award grants generally provide continued vesting,
in the event of termination, for employees that reach age 60 or greater, have at least ten years of service and have held the
award for at least one year.
Each share granted subject to a stock option award reduces the number of shares available under the Company’s stock
incentive plans by one share while each share granted subject to a RSU award reduces the number of shares available by two
shares. As of September 28, 2024, the maximum number of shares available for issuance under the Company’s stock incentive
plans (assuming all the awards are in the form of stock options) was approximately 146 million shares and the number available
for issuance assuming all awards are in the form of RSUs was approximately 73 million shares. The Company satisfies stock
option exercises and vesting of RSUs with newly issued shares. Stock options and RSUs are generally forfeited by employees
who terminate prior to vesting.
Each year, generally during the first half of the year, the Company awards stock options and restricted stock units to a
broad-based group of management, technology and creative personnel. The fair value of options is estimated based on the
binomial valuation model. The binomial valuation model takes into account variables such as volatility, dividend yield and the
risk-free interest rate. The binomial valuation model also considers the expected exercise multiple (the multiple of exercise
price to grant price at which exercises are expected to occur on average) and the termination rate (the probability of a vested
option being canceled due to the termination of the option holder) in computing the value of the option.
The weighted average assumptions used in the option-valuation model were as follows:
2024 2023 2022
Risk-free interest rate 4.0 % 3.6 % 1.6 %
Expected volatility 27 % 31 % 28 %
Dividend yield 0.66 % — % — %
Termination rate 6.1 % 5.9 % 5.8 %
Exercise multiple 2.12 1.98 1.98
Although the initial fair value of stock options is not adjusted after the grant date, changes in the Company’s assumptions
may change the value of, and therefore the expense related to, future stock option grants. The assumptions that cause the
greatest variation in fair value in the binomial valuation model are the expected volatility and expected exercise multiple.
Increases or decreases in either the expected volatility or expected exercise multiple will cause the binomial option value to
increase or decrease, respectively. The volatility assumption considers both historical and implied volatility and may be
impacted by the Company’s performance as well as changes in economic and market conditions.
Compensation expense for RSUs and stock options is recognized ratably over the service period of the award.
Compensation expense for RSUs is based on the market price of the shares underlying the awards on the grant date.
Compensation expense for Performance RSUs reflects the estimated probability that the market or performance conditions will
be met.
109

Compensation expense related to stock options and RSUs is as follows:
2024 2023 2022
Stock options $ 71 $ 76 $ 88
RSUs 1,295 1,067 889
Total equity-based compensation expense(1) 1,366 1,143 977
Tax impact (285) (260) (221)
Reduction in net income $ 1,081 $ 883 $ 756
Equity-based compensation expense capitalized during the period $ 201 $ 145 $ 148
(1) Equity-based compensation expense is net of capitalized equity-based compensation and estimated forfeitures and
excludes amortization of previously capitalized equity-based compensation costs.
The following table summarizes information about stock option transactions in fiscal 2024 (shares in millions):
Weighted
Average
Shares Exercise Price
Outstanding at beginning of year 18 $ 120.20
Awards granted 3 93.69
Awards exercised (1) 84.81
Awards expired/canceled (1) 118.68
Outstanding at end of year 19 $ 118.37
Exercisable at end of year 15 $ 124.19
The following tables summarize information about stock options vested and expected to vest at September 28, 2024
(shares in millions):
Vested
Weighted Average
Number of Weighted Average Remaining Years of
Range of Exercise Prices Options Exercise Price Contractual Life
$ 80 — $ 110 4 $ 97.36 3.7
$ 111 — $ 140 6 111.98 3.3
$ 141 — $ 170 4 148.62 5.8
$ 171 — $ 200 1 177.59 6.4
15
Expected to Vest
Weighted Average
Number of Weighted Average Remaining Years of
Range of Exercise Prices Options(1) Exercise Price Contractual Life
$ 0 — $ 92 1 $ 89.33 8.5
$ 93 — $ 184 3 99.76 8.9
4
(1) Number of options expected to vest is total unvested options less estimated forfeitures.
110

these lawsuits vigorously. The lawsuits are in the early stages, and at this time we cannot reasonably estimate the amount of any
possible loss.
On November 18, 2022, a private antitrust putative class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of California against the Company on behalf of a putative class of certain subscribers to YouTube TV (the
“Biddle Action”). The plaintiffs in the Biddle Action asserted a claim under Section 1 of the Sherman Act based on allegations
that Disney uses certain pricing and packaging provisions in its carriage agreements with virtual multichannel video distributors
(“vMVPDs”) to increase prices for and reduce output of certain services offered by vMVPDs. On November 30, 2022, a second
private antitrust putative class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against
the Company on behalf of a putative class of certain subscribers to DirecTV Stream (the “Fendelander Action”), making similar
allegations. The Company filed motions to dismiss for failure to state a claim in both the Biddle Action and Fendelander Action
on January 31, 2023. On September 30, 2023, the court issued an order granting in part and denying in part the Company’s
motions to dismiss both cases and, on October 13, 2023, the court issued an order consolidating both cases. On October 16,
2023, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended putative class action complaint (the “Consolidated Complaint”). The Consolidated
Complaint asserts claims under Section 1 of the Sherman Act and certain Arizona, California, Florida, Illinois, Iowa,
Massachusetts, Michigan, Nevada, New York, North Carolina, and Tennessee antitrust laws based on substantially similar
allegations as the Biddle Action and the Fendelander Action. The Consolidated Complaint seeks injunctive relief, unspecified
money damages and costs and fees. The Company intends to defend against the lawsuits vigorously and filed a motion to
dismiss the Consolidated Complaint for failure to state a claim on December 1, 2023. The Company’s motion to dismiss the
Consolidated Complaint was granted in part and denied in part on June 25, 2024. On September 12, 2024, the Court entered a
case management order setting, among other dates, Plaintiffs’ deadline to file their class certification motion on March 27,
2026. The consolidated lawsuit is in the early stages, and at this time we cannot reasonably estimate the amount of any possible
loss.
On February 20, 2024, a private antitrust lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New
York against the Company (including affiliates ESPN, Inc., ESPN Enterprises, Inc., and Hulu, LLC), Fox Corporation, and
Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. (collectively, “Defendants”), by fuboTV Inc. and fuboTV Media Inc. (together, “Fubo”). Fubo
asserts claims under Section 1 of the Sherman Act, Section 7 of the Clayton Act, and New York antitrust law based on the
theories that (a) a planned joint venture between ESPN, Inc., Fox Corporation, and Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc., which will
distribute certain of Defendants’ linear networks to consumers (the “Sports Streaming JV”), will harm competition in alleged
markets for the licensing of networks that offer live sports content and for streaming live pay tv, (b) certain alleged practices by
which the Company and Fox Corporation license their networks to vMVPDs as a bundle increase prices and reduce output for
services offered by vMVPDs, and (c) certain alleged pricing provisions in Defendants’ carriage agreements with YouTube TV
and Hulu + Live TV, as well as in Hulu + Live TV’s carriage agreements with non-Defendant programmers, increase prices for
services offered by vMVPDs. On April 8, 2024, Fubo filed a motion for a preliminary injunction against Defendants to prevent
the formation of the Sports Streaming JV. On April 29, 2024, Fubo filed an amended complaint to add allegations of a
purported market for “skinny sports bundles”, which Fubo claims the Sports Streaming JV will monopolize after its launch.
After a hearing on Fubo’s motion for preliminary injunction, the district court granted Fubo’s motion on August 16, 2024, and
enjoined the launch of the joint venture. On August 19, 2024, Defendants filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit from the order for a preliminary injunction. The United States Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit has granted Defendants’ motion to expedite the appeal. Fubo further seeks injunctive relief, unspecified money damages
and costs and fees. On September 26, 2024, the Company filed a motion to dismiss Fubo’s claims brought under Section 1 of
the Sherman Act and New York antitrust law, unrelated to the joint venture. The district court has set trial on all claims for
October 6, 2025. The Company intends to defend against the lawsuit vigorously and at this time we cannot reasonably estimate
the amount of any possible loss.
In May 2024, the Company and NBCU entered into a confidential arbitration to resolve a dispute regarding the
contractual appraisal process related to the determination of Hulu’s equity fair value, in which the parties seek declaratory
relief, equitable relief and unspecified damages. See Note 2 for a more detailed discussion of the arbitration and the
determination of Hulu’s equity fair value.
The Company, together with, in some instances, certain of its directors and officers, is a defendant in various other legal
actions involving copyright, breach of contract and various other claims incident to the conduct of its businesses. Management
does not believe that the Company has incurred a probable material loss by reason of any of those actions.
15
Leases
The Company’s operating leases primarily consist of real estate and equipment, including office space for general and
administrative purposes, production facilities, land, cruise terminals, retail outlets and distribution centers for consumer
products. The Company also has finance leases, primarily for broadcast equipment and land.
114

18
Restructuring and Impairment Charges
A summary of restructuring and impairment charges is as follows:
2024 2023 2022
Star India - see Note 4 $ 1,545 $ — $ —
Goodwill 1,287 721 —
Content 187 2,577 —
Other 576 594 237
Restructuring and impairment charges $ 3,595 $ 3,892 $ 237
Star India
In fiscal 2024, we recorded non-cash impairment charges totaling $1.5 billion related to the Star India Transaction.
Goodwill
In the second quarter of fiscal 2024, as a result of Star India assets and liabilities being classified as held for sale, they
were removed from the entertainment goodwill reporting units along with a proportional amount of goodwill. As a result, we
evaluated the residual goodwill at our entertainment DTC services and linear networks reporting units for impairment. Star
sports was a standalone reporting unit which did not have any goodwill.
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test as part of our annual
goodwill impairment assessment.
These evaluations resulted in non-cash goodwill impairment charges of $0.7 billion and $0.6 billion at our entertainment
linear networks reporting unit in the second and fourth quarters of fiscal 2024, respectively. Goodwill was not impaired at the
entertainment DTC services reporting unit.
In addition, as a result of our annual goodwill impairment assessment in fiscal 2023, we recorded non-cash goodwill
impairment charges related to our entertainment and international sports linear networks reporting units of $0.7 billion.
Content
We recorded charges of $0.2 billion and $2.6 billion, in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively, as a result of our
strategic changes in approach to content curation. The fiscal 2024 charges related to the removal of produced content from our
entertainment linear networks and DTC services. The fiscal 2023 charges included $2.0 billion related to the removal of
produced content from our entertainment DTC services and $0.6 billion related to the termination of certain third-party license
agreements for the right to use content primarily on our entertainment DTC services. We paid approximately $0.4 billion of
cash to terminate these license agreements.
Other
In fiscal 2024, the Company recorded charges of $0.3 billion for asset impairments at our retail business, $0.2 billion for
impairments of equity investments and $0.1 billion of severance. In fiscal 2023, the Company recorded charges of $0.4 billion
of severance, $0.1 billion for impairment of an equity investment and $0.1 billion for exiting our businesses in Russia. In fiscal
2022, the Company recorded charges of $0.2 billion, primarily due to asset impairments related to exiting our businesses in
Russia.
19
New Accounting Pronouncements and Other Disclosure Rules
Improvements to Reportable Segments Disclosures
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance to enhance reportable segment
disclosures by requiring the disclosure of significant expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
(CODM) and included in the segment’s measure of profit or loss. It also requires an explanation of how the CODM uses the
segment’s measure of profit or loss to assess segment performance and allocate resources. The guidance is effective for the
Company for annual periods beginning in fiscal year 2025 and for interim periods beginning in fiscal year 2026 and requires
retrospective adoption. The Company is currently assessing the impacts of the new guidance on its financial statement
disclosures.
121

Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued guidance to enhance income tax disclosures. The new guidance requires an expanded
effective tax rate reconciliation, the disclosure of cash taxes paid segregated between U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign, with
further disaggregation by jurisdiction if certain thresholds are met and eliminates certain disclosures related to uncertain tax
benefits. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning with the Company’s 2026 fiscal year (with early adoption
permitted). The Company is currently assessing the impacts of the new guidance on its financial statement disclosures.
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expense
In November 2024, the FASB issued guidance that requires the disclosure of additional information related to certain
costs and expenses, including amounts of inventory purchases, employee compensation, and depreciation and amortization
included in each income statement line item. The guidance also requires disclosure of the total amount of selling expenses and
the Company’s definition of selling expenses. The guidance is effective for the Company for annual periods beginning in fiscal
year 2028 and for interim periods beginning in fiscal year 2029. The Company is currently assessing the impacts of the new
guidance on its financial statement disclosures.
Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-Related Disclosures
In March 2024, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted new rules that will require disclosure of:
• Certain climate-related information including climate-related risks, targets, and goals that are reasonably likely to have
a material impact, as applicable, on a company’s strategy, business, results of operations or financial condition;
• Certain greenhouse gas emissions, if material; and
• Certain financial information regarding the effects of severe weather events and other natural conditions within the
notes to the financial statements
The new rules are applicable to annual reporting periods and will be phased in beginning with the Company’s 2026 fiscal
year. In April 2024, given pending legal challenges, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued an order to voluntarily
stay the new rules.
122