The Walt Disney Company and SUBSIDIARIES report on its financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2013. The report includes the following sections: Risk Factors, Legal Proceedings, Properties, Mine Safety Disclosures, Information About our Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The table of contents of the report is divided into the following parts: Table of Contents.
The Walt Disney Company, together with the subsidiaries through which businesses are conducted (the Company), is a diversified worldwide entertainment company with operations in three segments: Entertainment, Sports and Experiences. The Entertainment segment generally encompasses the Company’s non-sports focused global film and episodic content production and distribution activities. The terms “Company”, ‘we’, “our” and “us” are used in this report to refer collectively to the parent company and the subsidiaries.
The company owns ABC Television Network, Freeform, FX and National Geographic branded television channels. A 50% equity investment in A+E Television Networks (A+E), which operates cable channels including A&E, HISTORY and Lifetime. Disney+ is a global direct-to-consumer (DTC) service that primarily offers general entertainment and family programming.
Theatrical distribution includes sale/licensing of film and episodic content to television and video-on-demand (TV/VOD) services. Post-production services by Industrial Light & Magic and Skywalker Sound Entertainment also includes the following activities that are reported with Content Sales/Licensing: National Geographic magazine and online business. See Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on Hulu ownership.
 Linear Networks also generates revenues from fees charged to television stations affiliated with ABC Network. The number of subscribers (in millions) for the significant domestic branded channels are as follows: Disney Channel 66 Freeform 55 FX 67 National Geographic 66 (1) Based on Nielsen Media Research estimates as of September, Linear Networks has more than 100 million subscribers in the U.S.
The Company owns eight television stations, six of which are located in the top ten television household markets in the U.S. The Company operates approximately 265 general entertainment and family channels outside the United States in approximately 40 languages and 175 languages. International Linear Networks use content from the Company’s various studios, including library titles, as well as content acquired from third parties.
As of September 2024, the estimated number of unique subscribers for our general entertainment channels, based on internal management reports, was approximately 240 million. Family Family channels include Disney Channel and Disney Junior, which air a variety of animated and live action original series and movies targeted to kids ages 2 to 14. A+E is owned by the Company and 50% by Hearst.
 Nielsen Media Research estimates as of September 2024, are 58 million for each of A&E, HISTORY and Lifetime. A+E programming is available in approximately 200 countries and territories. Outside the U.S., Disney+ and Disney+ Hotstar also include international sports programming. The services are offered individually or in various bundles, which may include ESPN+ (see Sports segment discussion)
Disney+ is a subscription-based DTC service with Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars and National Geographic branded programming. The majority of Direct-to-Consumer revenue is derived from subscription fees and advertising. In Latin America, Disney+ includes an ESPN branded tile, which features a variety of sports content including live events. The Company plans to launch anESPN branded tile on Disney+ in the U.S. in early fiscal 2025.
Disney+ Hotstar is a subscription-based DTC service available in India, Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand. At the end of June 2024, we merged these services into a single Disney+ product offering. As of September 28, 2024, the estimated number of paid Disney+ subscribers, based on internal management reports, was approximately 123 million. The majority of Disney+ and Disney+. Hotstar revenue is derived from subscription fees and, to a lesser extent, advertising.
Hulu is a domestic subscription-based DTC service with general entertainment content from the Company’s various studios as well as content licensed from third parties. Hulu offers subscription video-on-demand (SVOD) services with or without advertising in addition to a digital OTT MVPD (Live TV) service. As of September 28, 2024, the estimated number of paid Hulu subscribers, based on subscription fees, is estimated to be more than 100 million.
The majority of Content Sales/Licensing revenue is derived from TV/VOD, theatrical and home entertainment distribution. In addition, revenue is generated from music distribution, stage plays and post-production services through Industrial Light & Magic and Skywalker Sound. The Company also publishes National Geographic magazine, which is reported with Content sales/ Licensing.
The Company incurs significant marketing and advertising costs before and throughout the theatrical release of a film. These costs are expensed as incurred, which may result in a loss on a film in the theatrical markets. The Company’s film and episodic content is sold in both electronic (home video license and video-on-demand rentals) and physical (DVD and Blu-ray disc) formats. We expect to release approximately 15 films during fiscal 2025.
We have licensed the rights for physical distribution to third parties who generally sell to retailers, such as Walmart and Amazon. distribute through e-tailers such as Apple and Amazon, and MVPDs,. such as Comcast and DirecTV, for electronic distribution. Physical distribution of film content in the home entertainment window generally starts within three months after the theatrical release. Electronic formats are typically available approximately two to ten weeks ahead of the physical release.
Disney Theatrical Group develops, produces and licenses live entertainment events on Broadway and around the world. Productions include The Lion King, Aladdin, Frozen and Beauty and the Beast. Disney Music Group encompasses all aspects of the Company’s music commercialization and marketing. The Company has a 30% effective interest in Tata Play Limited, which operates a direct-to-home satellite distribution platform in India.
Original content is generally produced under the following banners: Disney Branded Television; FX Productions; Lucasfilm; Marvel; National Geographic Studios; Pixar; Searchlight Pictures; Twentieth Century Studios; 20th Television; and Walt Disney Pictures. Original content is also commissioned and produced by various third-party studios. Costs to produce content are generally capitalized and allocated across Entertainment’s businesses.
The Company has a significant library of content spanning approximately 100 years of production history as well as acquired libraries. In fiscal 2025, the Company plans to produce or commission approximately 215 episodic and film titles. The vast majority of our productions will initially be distributed on our Linear Networks and/or DTC platforms or theatrically. Programming is also produced for third parties, which typically have domestic linear distribution rights.
Linear Networks and Direct-to-Consumer compete with other television networks, independent television stations and other media, such as other DTC streaming services, social media and video games. Our television stations primarily compete for audiences and advertisers in local market areas. The Company’s contractual agreements with MVPDs are renewed or renegotiated from time to time in the ordinary course of business.
The operating results of Content Sales/Licensing fluctuate due to the timing and performance of releases in the theatrical, home entertainment and television markets. Release dates are determined by several factors, including competition and the timing of vacation and holiday periods. We also compete with other media and entertainment companies, independent production companies and video-on- demand services for creative and performing talent.
Advertising revenues at Linear Networks and Direct-to-Consumer are subject to seasonal advertising patterns and changes in viewership levels. In general, domestic advertising revenues are typically somewhat higher during the fall and somewhat lower during the summer months. Affiliate revenues vary with the subscriber levels of MVPDs. The Sports segment generally encompasses the Company’s sports-focused global television and DTC video streaming content production and distribution activities.
Discovery, Inc. and Warner Bros. announced plans to create a joint venture to offer a sports-focused DTC platform. In August 2024, a motion for preliminary injunction in a matter before the District Court for the Southern District of New York was granted, enjoining the launch of Venu Sports. In early fall 2025, the Company plans to launch a new DTC offering, which will include live linear streams of the domestic ESPN-branded television channels and ESPN+.
The Company operates 10 Star branded sports channels in India, in 4 languages. Star has rights to various sports programming, primarily cricket and soccer. As of September 2024, the estimated number of subscribers to Star branded channels, based on internal management reports, was approximately 79 million. The most significant equity investment at Sports is a 30% interest in CTV Specialty Television, Inc. (CTV)
We compete with other television networks, independent television stations, MVPDs and other advertising media such as digital content, newspapers, magazines, radio and billboards. Consolidation and other market conditions in the cable, satellite and telecommunication distribution industry may adversely affect the Company’s ability to obtain and maintain contractual terms for the distribution of its various programming services that are as favorable as those currently in place.
Advertising revenues are subject to changes in viewership levels and the demand for sports programming. Advertising revenues generated from sports programming are also impacted by the timing of sports seasons and events. Affiliate revenues vary with the subscriber levels of MVPDs. The lines of business within Experiences along with their significant business activities include the following: Parks & Experiences, Vacation Club, National Geographic Expeditions and Adventures by Disney.
The Company’s theme parks and resorts as well as Disney Cruise Line and Disney Vacation Club compete with other forms of entertainment, lodging, tourism and recreational activities. The profitability of the leisure-time industry may be influenced by various factors that are not directly related to the Company. The Company licenses its IP to a third party that owns and operates Tokyo Disney Resort.
The licensing and retail business competes with other licensors, retailers and publishers of character, brand and celebrity names. All of the theme parks and the associated resort facilities are operated on a year-round basis. Typically, theme park attendance and resort occupancy fluctuate based on the seasonal nature of vacation travel and leisure activities. Peak attendance and Resort occupancy generally occur during the summer months when school vacations occur.
The licensing, retail and wholesale businesses are influenced by seasonal consumer purchasing behavior. Theme park and resort revenues may be higher during significant celebrations such as theme park or character anniversaries and lower in the periods following such celebrations. The Company and Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) plan to close a transaction on or about November 14, 2024, which will form a joint venture that combines our Star-branded and other general entertainment and sports television channels.
The Company’s key human capital management objectives are to attract, retain and develop the highest quality talent. The Company employed approximately 233,000 people as of September 28, 2024, of which approximately 171,000 were employed in the U.S. The global workforce comprises approximately 76% full time and approximately 62,000 outside of the United States.
16% part time employees, with another 8% being seasonal employees. A significant number of employees in various parts of our businesses, including employees of our theme parks, are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Some of our employees outside the U.S. are represented by works councils, trade unions or other employee associations. Disney’s benefit offerings are designed to meet the varied and evolving needs of our diverse employees and their families.
Paid time-off programs, including vacation and sick and family care leave. Free mental health and well-being resources. Two Centers for Living Well in the Orlando area that offer convenient, on-demand access to board-certified physicians and counselors. Executive incubator program and creative talent development program designed to engage the next generation of creative executives from around the world.
Disney invests in creating opportunities to help employees grow and build their careers through training, professional development and educational programs. At the end of fiscal 2024, more than 12,000 current employees will have graduated from Disney's education investment program, Disney Aspire. Heroes Work Here, an initiative to hire, train and support U.S. military veterans, has over 100 employee-led groups.
The Company has a longstanding commitment to social impact by supporting communities through our philanthropic efforts. The Company supports employees who make monetary donations to eligible nonprofits with a generous U.S. matching gifts program. We encourage employees to donate their time and talents to their local communities and provide grants that allow eligible employees to direct donations from the Company to nonprofits of their choosing.
The Company’s businesses throughout the world are affected by its ability to exploit and protect against infringement of its IP. Important IP includes rights in the content of motion pictures, television programs, electronic games, sound recordings, character likenesses, theme park attractions, books and magazines and merchandise. Risks related to the protection and exploitation of IP rights and information concerning the expiration of certain of our copyrights are set forth in Item 1A – Risk Factors.
FCC regulations can result in substantial monetary fines, limited renewals of licenses and, in egregious cases, denial of license renewal or revocation of a license. Each of the television stations we own must be licensed by the FCC. The FCC may decline to renew or approve a license in certain circumstances and may delay renewals while permitting a licensee to continue. We (and the acquiring entity in the case of a divestiture) must also obtain FCC approval whenever we seek to have a license transferred.
The FCC imposes limitations on the number of television stations and radio stations an entity can own in a specific market. We do not own more than one television station in any market. Federal statutes permit our television stations in the aggregate to reach a maximum of 39% of the national audience. Pursuant to the most recent decision by the FCC as to how to calculate compliance with this limit, our eight stations reach operating.
FCC rules currently prohibit any of the four major broadcast television networks from being under common ownership or control. Foreign ownership generally restricts foreign individuals or entities from collectively owning more than 25% of the voting or equity interest in a U.S. entity that controls a broadcast television license. The FCC regulates broadcast programming by, among other things, banning “indecent” programming, regulating political advertising and imposing commercial time limits during children’s programming.
 broadcast stations are generally required to provide an average of three hours per week of programming that has as a “significant purpose” meeting the educational and informational needs of children 16 years of age and younger. FCC rules also give television station owners the right to reject or refuse network programming in certain circumstances or to substitute programming that the licensee reasonably believes to be of greater local or national importance.
The Communications Act and FCC rules regulate some aspects of negotiations between programmers and distributors. Some cable and satellite distribution companies have sought regulation of additional aspects of the carriage of programming on their systems. New legislation, court action or regulation in this area could have an impact on the Company’s operations. The Company generally cannot predict whether new laws or regulations will affect its operations.
Our businesses are subject to various privacy and data protection laws and regulations in most of the domestic and international jurisdictions in which our businesses operate. There is no comprehensive privacy law in the U.S. at the federal level. There are a number of sector-specific federal privacy laws applicable to our operations, such as the Video Privacy Protection Act, which restricts the ability to share personal information.
U.S. states, including California, have passed comprehensive data privacy laws. We are also subject to privacy legal and regulatory requirements in many jurisdictions outside the United States. We face risks relating to misalignment with public and consumer tastes and preferences for entertainment, travel and consumer products. These risks impact demand for our entertainment offerings and products and the profitability of our businesses.
The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently produce compelling creative content. Such distribution must meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market. Demand for certain out-of-home entertainment experiences, such as theater-going to watch movies, has not returned to pre-pandemic levels. In addition, many ofour businesses, including theme parks, resorts, cruise ships and experiences, as well as our theatrical releases, depends on demand for out- of-home Entertainment.
The success of our businesses depends on our ability to successfully predict and adapt to continually evolving consumer tastes and preferences outside as well as inside the U.S. We must often make substantial investments in content production and acquisition, acquisition of sports and programming rights, theme park attractions, cruise ships or hotels and other facilities or customer facing platforms. The market, economic or social conditions are sometimes significantly different from the ones we anticipated at the time of the investment decisions.
A variety of uncontrollable events disrupt our businesses, reduce demand for or consumption of our products and services. The operation and profitability of our businesses are highly dependent on the general environment for travel and tourism. We have extensive international operations, including our international theme parks and resorts, which are dependent on domestic and international regulations consistent with trade and trade. We do not align with constantly evolving consumer preferences and tastes or achieve sufficient consumer acceptance.
The operation of our businesses and the environment for travel and tourism is subject to significant adverse impact in the U.S., globally or in specific regions. Health concerns, adverse weather conditions arising from short-term weather patterns or long-term climate change, including longer and more regular excessive heat conditions. International, political or military developments, including trade and other international disputes and social unrest. macroeconomic conditions, including a decline in economic activity, inflation and foreign exchange rates.
An incident or other event that affected our property directly, including a security incident, earthquake or hurricane, would have a direct impact on our ability to provide goods and services. The costs of protecting against such incidents reduces the profitability of our operations. For example, COVID-19 and measures to prevent its spread impacted our businesses in a number of ways, including the closure of our theme parks and resorts.
Hurricanes Helene and Milton have impacted the operations and profitability of Walt Disney World Resort. Certain of our business operations have been temporarily disrupted by payment processing outages and widespread computing failures. The Company has paused certain operations in certain regions, including in response to sanctions, trade restrictions and related developments. In addition, we derive affiliate fees and royalties from the distribution of our programming, sales of our licensed goods and services by third parties.
The profitability of one or more of our businesses could be adversely impacted by the significant contraction of distribution channels for our products and services. There is no assurance that revenues from programming based on these rights will exceed the cost of the rights plus the other costs of producing and distributing the programming. U.S. and international regulators, investors and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance matters.
There is no assurance that our initiatives will achieve their intended outcomes or that we will achieve any of these goals. Consumer, government and other stakeholder perceptions of our initiatives often differ widely and present risks to our reputation and brands. Our ability to implement some initiatives or achieve some goals is dependent on external factors. For example, our ability to meet certain environmental sustainability goals will depend in part on third-party collaboration.
Our reputation and globally recognizable brands are integral to the success of our businesses. Maintenance of the reputation of our Company and brands depends on many factors, including the quality of our offerings, maintenance of trust with our customers and our ability to successfully innovate. We may pursue brand or product integration combining previously separate brands or products targeting different audiences under one brand. There is no assurance that these initiatives will be accepted by our customers.
The success of our DTC strategy will be impacted by the success of the reorganization of our media and entertainment business and the strategic change in our approach to content curation initiated in fiscal 2023. Damage to our reputation or brands could impact our sales, business opportunities, profitability, recruiting and valuation of our securities. Significant negative claims or publicity regarding the Company or its operations, products, management, employees, practices and business partners could adversely impact our brands.
Disney+ ad supported service, monetization and cost containment strategy and the launch of the ESPN flagship DTC service. The initial costs of marketing campaigns are generally recognized in the business of initial exploitation. The amortization of capitalized production costs and licensed programming rights are generally allocated across businesses. Consumers may not be willing to pay for an expanding set of DTC services at increasing prices, potentially exacerbated by challenging economic conditions.
We have experienced flat subscriber growth or net losses of subscribers in periods. Our content does not always successfully attract and retain subscribers in the quantities that we expect. We may not successfully manage our costs to meet our profitability goals. Government regulation, including revised foreign content and ownership regulations as well as government-imposed content restrictions, impacts the implementation of our DTC business plans.
Our borrowing costs have been and can be affected by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by nationally recognized ratings agencies. Potential credit ratings actions, increases in interest rates, or volatility in the U.S. and global financial markets could impede access to, or increase the cost of, financing our operations and investments. higher churn rates. These and other risks may impact the profitability and success of our DTC streaming services.
Fitch Ratings’ long- and short-term debt ratings for the Company were A- and F2 (Stable), respectively. Any future downgrades could increase our cost of borrowing and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing on acceptable terms. Elevated indebtedness or leverage ratios could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility.
Downgrades to our credit ratings may negatively impact our cost of borrowings and/or make it more difficult for us to obtain financing on acceptable terms. Debt repayment obligations could also reduce funds available for investments, capital expenditures, share repurchases and dividends, and other activities. Labor disputes disrupt our operations and adversely affect the profitability of our businesses. A significant number of employees in various parts of our. businesses, including employees of our theme parks, and writers, directors, actors and. production personnel for our productions are covered by.
Some of our employees outside the U.S. are represented by works councils, trade unions or other employee associations. Some employees of licensees who manufacture and retailers who sell our licensed consumer products are covered by labor agreements with their employers. From time to time, collective bargaining agreements and other labor agreements expire, requiring renegotiation of their terms. In general, labor disputes and work stoppages involving our employees may disrupt or lead to closure of certain operations.
WGA and SAG-AFTRA commenced a work stoppage against video game employers, which is ongoing. The new collective bargaining agreements with these and another entertainment guild and recently with certain labor unions at our domestic parks and resorts will increase our costs to create our content and to operate our domestic resorts, respectively. These work stoppages affected our productions and the pipeline for programming and theatrical releases, which resulted in reduced revenue.
Each of our businesses is normally subject to seasonal variations and variations in connection with the timing of our product offerings. Peak attendance and resort occupancy generally occur during the summer months when school vacations occur and during early winter and spring holiday periods. Revenues at the Experiences segment also sometimes fluctuate with changes in theme park attendance and Resort occupancy resulting from special celebrations or events that increase demand.
Revenues from television networks and stations are subject to seasonal advertising patterns and changes in viewership levels, including related to certain sporting events. In general, domestic general entertainment linear networks advertising revenues are typically somewhat higher during the fall and somewhat lower during the summer months. In addition, licensing revenues fluctuate with the timing and performance of our theatrical releases and cable programming broadcasts.
DTC revenues fluctuate based on: changes in the number of subscribers, mix of subscribers to different offerings and subscriber fees; viewership levels; and the demand for sports and film and television content. Our operations are impacted by our ability to attract and retain employees and costs of employee wages and health, welfare and retirement benefits, including postretirement medical benefits for some employees and retirees.
The success of our businesses is substantially affected by our ability to attract and retain a workforce with the necessary skills for our varied businesses. We may experience significant increases in these costs as a result of macroeconomic, regulatory, competitive and other factors. For example, labor costs in our parks and resorts have increased, and we expect will continue to increase. Further, certain conditions in the healthcare industry, such as prolonged workforce.
There can be no assurance that we will succeed in attracting and retaining the human resources necessary for the success of our businesses. Changes in asset values, investment returns and discount rates used to calculate pension and postretirement medical expense and related assets and liabilities may have an unfavorable impact on our costs in some years. We face risks related to costs and expenses in connection with the acquisition of NBC Universal’s (NBCU) equity interest in Hulu and the TFCF acquisition.
The purchase price for NBCU’s equity interest in Hulu will be determined based on NBCU's equity ownership percentage. Hulu under a put/call arrangement between the parties. In May 2024, the Company and NBCU entered into a confidential arbitration to resolve a dispute regarding the contractual appraisal process. The parties seek declaratory relief, equitable relief and unspecified damages (see Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information).
The success of our businesses is highly dependent on the existence and maintenance of intellectual property rights. The terms of some copyrights for IP related to some of our products and services have expired. If existing laws are changed, our ability to generate revenue from our IP may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. purchase NBCU’s equity interest in Hulu and related obligations to NBCU and any such other costs could negatively impact the Company's cash position.
In the U.S. and countries that look to the United States copyright term when shorter than their own, the copyright term for early works expires at the end of the 95th calendar year. the short film Steamboat Willie (1928) and early versions of characters depicted in this film, and other copyrights will expire in the future. Regulations applicable to our businesses impact the profitability of our businesses.
Regulations of the safety and supply chain of consumer products and theme park operations. Land planning, use and development regulations applicable to our theme parks operations. Environmental protection regulations. U.S. and international anti-corruption laws, sanction programs, trade restrictions, anti-money laundering laws or currency controls. Restrictions on the manner in which content is currently licensed and distributed.
New regulations limiting international trade and investment may disrupt our operations outside the U.S., including our international theme parks and resorts operations in France, mainland China and Hong Kong. Such regulations may require us to incur additional compliance costs, may restrict our ability to execute on our business strategies as planned or offer products and services in ways that are profitable, and create an increasingly unpredictable regulatory landscape. In addition, future developments in international political, trade and security policy may lead to new regulations.
The legal and regulatory landscape for certain new technologies, such as AI, is uncertain and evolving. Our compliance obligations could increase our costs or limit how we may use these technologies in one or more of our businesses. Laws in some international jurisdictions differ in significant respects from those in the U.S. These differences can affect our ability to react to changes in our business, and our rights or ability to enforce rights are sometimes different.
The price of our common stock has experienced substantial volatility and may continue to be volatile. The business and political climate in some jurisdictions may encourage corruption, which could reduce our ability to compete successfully in those jurisdictions. Our ability to generate revenue and our expenses in non-U.S. jurisdictions may differ from what would be expected if U.S law alone governed these operations. Changes in management; variations in our operating results; variations between our actual and projected results.
Some of these factors may adversely impact the price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. The announcement or completion of significant transactions by us or a competitor; events affecting the stock market generally; and the economic and political conditions in the U.S. and internationally, as well as other factors described in this Item 1A. 26 material cybersecurity incidents under the cybersecurity act.
In fiscal 2024, we did not identify any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Despite our efforts, we cannot eliminate all risks from cybersecurity threats. The Company’s Board of Directors has delegated to the Audit Committee oversight responsibility for making the materiality determination and approving related securities disclosures.
The Audit Committee at least annually receives reports from the Senior Vice President, Chief Information Security Officer (C ISO) concerning the Company’s cybersecurity and data security risks. The Chair of the Audit Committee reports on its discussion, including concerning cybersecurity matters, to the full Board. Day-to-day management of our information security strategy and operations is currently the responsibility of our CISO.
CISO held senior leadership roles in various other organizations, including as CISO for a publicly traded, global retailer and as a consultant advising organizations on information security strategy. CISO also served as a Special Agent with the U.S. Secret Service focusing on electronic crimes. The Company’s RMC, a management level committee that includes, among others, the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal and Compliance Officer, oversees and supports the Company's efforts to identify, assess and prioritize.
As of September 28, 2024, the approximate number of common shareholders of record was 734,000. The Company’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “DIS” See Note 11 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of the Company”s dividends in fiscal 2024. Film and television library properties and television stations owned by the Company are described in Item 1 under the caption Entertainment.
The Company is authorized to repurchase a total of 400 million shares of its common stock. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. Amounts exclude the one percent excise tax on stock repurchases imposed by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. Under a share repurchaseprogram implemented effective February 7, 2024, the Company isauthorized to rep purchase 400 million Shares of Its Common Stock.
Revenues: Services $ 81,841 $ 79,562 3 % Products 9,520 9,336 2 % Total revenues 91,361 88,898 3 % Costs and expenses: Cost of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) (52,509) (53,139) 1 % Cost of products (6,189) (6,.062) (2)% Selling, general, administrative and other (15,759) (15.336) (3)% Depreciation and ammortization (4,990) (5,369) 7 % Total costs and expenses (79,447) (79.906) 1% Restructuring and impairment charges (3
Organization of Information Management’s Discussion and Analysis provides a narrative on the Company's financial performance and condition. It includes the following sections: • Consolidated Results and Non-Segment Items • Business Segment Results • Corporate and Unallocated Shared Expenses. In Item 7, we discuss fiscal 2024 and 2023 results and comparisons of fiscal 2024 results to fiscal 2023 Results.
Revenues for fiscal 2024 increased 3%, or $2.5 billion, to $91.4 billion. Diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations attributable to Disney. increased to $ 2.72 compared to $1.29 in the prior year. The EPS increase was due to higher operating income at Entertainment. Service revenues reflected an approximate 1 percentage point increase.
Cost of services for fiscal 2024 decreased 1%, or $0.6 billion, to $52.5 billion. Depreciation and amortization decreased 7% or $5.0 billion. Restructuring and Impairment Charges ($ in millions) 2024 2023 Impairments: Star India $ 1,545 $ — Goodwill(1) 1,287 721 Retail assets 328 — Content(2) 187 2,577
In fiscal 2023, the Company recognized a gain of $169 million on its investment in DraftKings, Inc. (DraftKings) The increase in interest expense was due to higher average rates, partially offset by lower interest income, investment income and other. In the current year, goodwill impairments related to our general entertainment and international sports linear networks. The Company's content impairments were related to strategic changes in our approach to content curation.
The increase in interest income, investment income and other was driven by a larger benefit from pension and postretirement benefit costs, other than service cost, and investments gains. Equity in the income of investees decreased $207 million to $575 million in the current year due to lower income from A+E. Restructuring and impairment charges $ (3,595) $ 293 $ 3,302 $ (1.78)
2023: Restructuring and impairment charges(4) $ (3,836) $ 717 $ 3,119 $ (1.69) TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization(3) (1,998) 465 ( 1,533) (0.82) Other income, net 96 (13) 83 0.05 Total $ (5,738) $ 1,169 $ 4,569 $ (2.46) (2) EPS is net of noncontrolling interest, where applicable.
The Entertainment segment generates revenue from film, episodic and other content that is produced and distributed across three significant lines of business. Costs and expenses for each segment consist of operating expenses, selling, general, administrative and other costs, and depreciation and amortization. Revenues also include an intersegment allocation of categories for our business segments.
Operating expenses at the Entertainment segment primarily consist of programming and production costs, technology support costs, operating labor and distribution costs. Amortization of capitalized production costs and licensed programming rights is generally allocated across Entertainment’s segments. revenues from the Experiences segment, which is meant to reflect royalties on consumer products merchandise licensing revenues generated on IP created by Entertainment segment.
Revenues: Linear Networks $ 10,692 $ 11,701 (9)% Direct-to-Consumer 22,776 19,886 15 % Content Sales/Licensing and Other 7,718 9,048 (15)% $ 41,186 $ 40,635 1 % Segment operating income (loss): Linear Networks  $ 3,452 $ 4,119 (16)%. Direct- to-Consumer 143 (2,496) nm Content Sales and Other 328 (179) nm $3,923 $ 1,444 >100 %
Revenues: Affiliate fees $ 6,872 $ 7,369 (7)% Advertising 3,676 4,159 (12)% Other 144 173 (17)% Total revenues 10,692 11,701 (9)% Operating expenses: Selling, general, administrative and other (2,644) ( 2,641) — % Depreciation and amortization (52) (54) 4 % Equity in the income of investees 539 690 (22)%
Revenues - Advertising: Domestic $ 2,705 $ 3,178 (15)% International 971 981 (1)% $3,676 $ 4,159 (12)% The decrease in domestic advertising revenue was due to a decrease of 14% from fewer impressions and 2% from lower rates. Lower rates were driven by a decrease in political advertising at the owned television stations.
Operating income decreased 16%, to $3,452 million from $4,119 million. Domestic programming and production costs were comparable to the prior year. The decrease in other operating expenses was due to lower technology and distribution costs including the impact of international channel closures. Equity in the Income of Investees decreased $151 million, to $539 million, from $690 million.
 Linear Networks' supplemental revenue and operating income detail is as follows: Domestic $ 8,621 $ 9,406 (8)% International 2,071 2,295 (10)% $ 10,692 $ 11,701 (9)% Equity in the income of investees 539 690 (22)% Operating expenses (4,901) (6,280) 22 % Selling, general, administrative and other (2,108) ( 2,595) 19 % Depreciation and amortization (371) (347) (7)% equity in the loss of investee (10,5) (100)%
The decrease in TV/VOD distribution revenue was due to lower sales of episodic and, to a lesser extent, film content. The decrease in theatrical distribution revenue reflected fewer significant releases in the current year compared to the prior year. Revenues - Other Other revenue increased primarily due to higher revenue at Lucasfilm’s special effects businessdue to higher rates and more projects.
Programming and production costs were down 23%. Lower distribution costs and cost of goods sold were driven by decreases in theatrical, home entertainment and TV/VOD distribution costs, partially offset by an increase at Lucasfilm’s special effects business due to more projects. Selling, general, administrative and other costs decreased $487 million. Lower theatrical marketing costs reflecting fewer significant releases in the current year. Operating results from Content Sales/Licensing and Other increased.
$507 million, to income of $328 million from a loss of $179 million due to higher theatrical distribution results. $1,287 million for goodwill impairments related to our general entertainment linear networks, $187 million for content impairments, a $158 million impairment of an equity investment and $38 million of severance. Gain on sale of a business — 28 (100)% (1)
In fiscal 2024, amortization of step-up on film and television costs was $271 million and amortized of intangible assets was $1,054 million. In fiscal 2023,Amortized amortizations of film and TV costs were $439 million and intangible assets were$1,151 million. ESPN's Sports segment reported operating income of $2,406 in fiscal 2024.
The decrease in domestic ESPN affiliate revenue was due to a decrease of 8% from fewer subscribers, partially offset by an increase of 7% from higher effective rates. Higher Star India programming and production costs were attributable to an increase in cricket programming costs due to airing two significant ICC tournaments in the current year compared to one in the prior year. The increase in international ESPN programming andproduction costs was due in part to new soccer rights.
Operating income from Sports decreased $59 million, to $2,406 million. The decrease was due to higher operating losses at Star India and, to a lesser extent, international ESPN, partially offset by an increase at domestic ESPN. Depreciation and amortization decreased $34 million to $39 million from $73 million due to technology assets that were fully depreciated in the prior year.
Items related to Sports that are excluded from segment operating income are as follows: TFCF acquisition amortization (1) (2) Fiscal 2023 includes $296 million for a goodwill impairment and $50 million for severance. Theme park admissions $ 11,171 $ 10,423 7 % Resorts and vacations 8,375 7,949 5 % Parks & Experiences merchandise, food and beverage 8,039 7,712 4 %
 Operating Income $ 9,272 $ 8,954 4 % Revenues - Theme park admissions revenue was due to increases of 5% from higher average per capita ticket revenue and 2% from attendance growth. Growth in resorts and vacations revenue was primarily attributable to increases in average ticket prices for cruise line sailings, 1% from an increase in average daily hotel room rates and 1% in higher occupied hotel room nights.
Growth in licensing revenue was due to higher royalties from merchandise sales, partially offset by lower minimum guarantee shortfall recognition. The increase in parks licensing and other revenue was attributable to higher sponsorship revenues, a favorable Foreign Exchange Impact and higher royalties at Tokyo Disney Resort. Capital expenditures at Entertainment are principally for theme park and resort expansion, new attractions, cruise ships, capital improvements.
The Company expects its fiscal 2025 capital expenditures to total approximately $8 billion compared to fiscal 2024 capital expenditures of $5 billion. The projected increase in capital expenditures is primarily due to higher spending at Experiences, attributable to continued investment in cruise ship fleet expansion and new guest offerings at our theme parks. Cash used in other investing activities was $1.5 billion in fiscal 2024 reflecting an investment in Epic Games, Inc.
Financing Activities Financing activities for fiscal 2024 and 2023 are as follows: ($ in millions) 2024 2023 Change in borrowings $ (1,400) $ ( 1,783) Dividends — Repurchases of common stock (2,992) — Activities related to noncontrolling and redeemableNoncontrolling interests (1) (9,156) (707) Cash used in other financing activities, net(2) (374) (234)
During the year ended September 28, 2024, the Company’s borrowing activity was as follows: U.S. dollar denominated notes (2) 43,504 — (2,870) (138) 40,496 Asia Theme Parks borrowings (3) 1,308 — (62) 46 1,292 Foreign currency denominated debt and other (4) 143 132 (132) 844 987 $ 46,431 $ 4,868 $ (6,268) $ 784 $ 45,815 (1) Borrowings and reductions of borrowings are reported net.
The Company may use cash balances, operating cash flows, 50 commercial paper borrowings up to the amount of its unused $12.25 billion bank facilities and incremental term debt issuances to retire or refinance other borrowings before or as they come due. There were no dividends paid or share repurchases in fiscal 2023. The Company is targeting a total of $3 billion in share repurchase purchases in fiscal 2025. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the transactions with noncontrolling interest holders.
We believe that the Company’s financial condition is strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets and borrowing capacity under current bank facilities, taken together, provide adequate resources. The Company could undertake other measures to ensure sufficient liquidity, such as raising additional financing, reducing or not declaring future dividends or reducing or stopping share repurchases.
As of September 28, 2024, Moody’s Ratings’ long- and short-term debt ratings for the Company were A2 and P-1 (Stable), respectively. S&P Global ratings’Long- and Short-term Debt Ratings for the company were A- and A-2 (Positive), respectively, and Fitch Ratings�’ Long- and Shorter-Term Debt Ratings were A and F2.
The Company and RIL plan to close a transaction on or about November 14, 2024, which will form a joint venture that combines our Star-branded and other general entertainment and sports television channels and Disney+ Hotstar service in India. The Company will have a 37% interest in the joint venture. Parks, from any representations, covenants or events of default.
To drive growth at our sports and entertainment businesses, we are, among other things, making strategic investments in our DTC offerings. Although there can be no assurances these investments will be successful, we expect that they will lead to growth in subscription fees and advertising revenues. We believe that the application of the following accounting policies, which are important to our financial position and results of operations, require significant judgments and estimates on the part of management.
We amortize and test for impairment capitalized film and television production costs based on whether the content is predominantly monetized individually or as a group. Production costs that are classified as individual are amortized based upon the ratio of the current period’s revenues to the estimated remaining total revenues (Ultimate Revenues) 51 The qualitative assessment requires the consideration of factors such as recent market transactions, macroeconomic conditions and changes in projected future cash flows.
The impairment test for assets held for use requires a comparison of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated over the useful life of an asset group to the carrying amount of the asset group. An asset group is generally established by identifying the lowest level of cash flows generated by a group of assets that are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets. An impairment would be measured as the difference between the fair value of the assets and their carrying amount.
For assets held for sale, to the extent the carrying amount is greater than the asset’s fair value less costs to sell, an impairment loss is recognized. Determining whether a long-lived asset is impaired requires various estimates and assumptions, including whether a triggering event has occurred. The Company recorded $1.5 billion of non-cash impairment charges related to the Star India Transaction in fiscal 2024.
The Company tested its indefinite-lived intangible assets, long-lived assets and investments for impairment and recorded non-cash impairment charges of $0.7 billion and $2.3 billion in fiscal 2024 and 2023. The fiscal 2024 charges related to impairments of retail assets, content assets, and equity investments. The Fiscal 2023 charges primarily related to content impairments resulting from a strategic change in our approach to content curation.
If our estimate of uncollectible accounts is too low, costs and expenses may increase in future periods. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion. We are currently involved in certain legal proceedings and, as required, have accrued estimates of the probable and estimable losses for the resolution of these proceedings. From time to time, we are also involved in other contingent matters for which we accrue estimates.
The Company is regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. From time to time, these audits result in proposed assessments. Our determinations regarding the recognition of income tax benefits are made in consultation with outside tax and legal counsel, where appropriate. The tax benefits ultimately realized by the Company may differ from those recognized in our future financial statements based on a number of factors. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on litigation exposure.
At September 28, 2024, there were 19.7 million and 7.4 million subscribers to multi-product offerings with two and three of the Company’s services, respectively. At September 30, 2023,. there were 20.3 million and 2.3million subscribers toMulti-product. offerings. The services within the Combo+ multi- product offering were merged into a single Disney+ product offering in fiscal 2024.
On March 20, 2019, as part of the acquisition of TFCF, The Walt Disney Company (“TWDC”) became the ultimate parent of TWDC Enterprises 18 Corp. (‘Legacy Disney’). Legacy Disney and TWDC are collectively referred to as “Obligor Group”, and individually, as a “Guarantor”. Concurrent with the close of the T FCF acquisition, $16.8 billion of the assumed public debt (which then constituted 96% of such debt) was exchanged for senior notes.
 TWDC entered into a guarantee of the registered debt securities issued by Legacy Disney under the Indenture dated as of September 24, 2001 between Legacy Disney and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. Other subsidiaries of the Company do not guarantee the registered Debt securities of either TWDC or Legacy Disney (such subsidiaries are referred to as the “non-Guarantors”). The par value and carrying value of total outstanding and guaranteed registered debt. securities of the Obligor Group at September 28, 2024 was as follows: TWDC Legacy Disney Carrying Carrying ($ in millions) Par Value Value Par Value value Registered debt with unconditional guarantee $ 32,360 $ 33,148 $ 8,125 $8,024
Legacy Disney’s guarantee of registered debt securities issued by TWDC is full and unconditional. The guarantees may be released and discharged upon (i) the indebtedness for borrowed money of the consolidated subsidiaries of TWDC in aggregate constituting no more than 10% of all consolidated indebtedness. (ii) upon the sale, transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of the equity interests of Legacy Disney to a third party, and (iii) other customary events.
 Operations are conducted almost entirely through the Company’s subsidiaries. Holders of the guaranteed registered debt securities have a direct claim only against the Obligor Group. This summarized financial information has been prepared and presented pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X Rule 13-01, “Financial Disclosures about Guarantors and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities”
The Company is exposed to the impact of interest rate changes, foreign currency fluctuations, commodity fluctuations and changes in the market values of its investments. In the normal course of business, we employ established policies and procedures to manage the Company’s exposure to changes in interest rates, foreign currencies and commodities using a variety of financial instruments. ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
Our objectives in managing exposure to interest rate changes are to limit the impact of interest rate volatility on earnings and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs. By policy, the Company targets fixed-rate debt as a percentage of its net debt between minimum and maximum percentages. The Company enters into various contracts that change in value as foreign exchange rates change to protect the U.S. dollar equivalent value of its existing foreign currency assets.
The Company also uses forward and option contracts to hedge foreign currency assets and liabilities. The principal foreign currencies hedged are the euro, Japanese yen, British pound, Chinese yuan and Canadian dollar. By policy, the Company maintains hedge coverage between minimum and maximum percentages of its forecasted foreign exchange exposures generally for periods not to exceed four years. The gains and losses on these contracts are intended to offset changes in the U.S. dollar equivalent value of the related exposures.
The amounts hedged using commodity swap contracts are based on forecasted levels of consumption of certain commodities, such as fuel, oil and gasoline. Our objectives in managing exposures to market-based fluctuations in certain retirement liabilities are to use total return swap contracts to reduce the volatility of earnings arising from changes in these retirement liabilities. The Company does not enter into these transactions or any other hedging transactions for speculative purposes.
The Company uses a VAR model to estimate the maximum potential one-day loss in the fair value of its interest rate, foreign exchange, commodities and market sensitive equity financial instruments. VAR computations are based on a variance/co-variance technique, which assesses the interrelationships between movements in various interest rates, currencies and equity prices.
The VAR model is a risk analysis tool and does not purport to represent actual losses in fair value that will be incurred by the Company. VAR on a combined basis decreased to $255 million at September 28, 2024 from $284 million at Sept. 30, 2023 due to reduced interest rate volatility. The VAR estimates were made assuming normal market conditions and a 95% confidence level. hedge, were excluded from the model.
 Theme Parks is immaterial as of September 28, 2024 and has been excluded from the above table. We have established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. See Index to Financial Statements and Supplemental Data on page 67.
No changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024. Information regarding Section 16(a) compliance, the Audit Committee, the Company’s code of ethics, background of the directors and director nominations appearing under the captions “Delinquent Section 16 (a) Reports,” ‘The Board of Directors,’ “Committees”
The Company has adopted an insider trading compliance policy and program applicable to the Company’s directors, officers and employees. The Company believes the policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and the New York Stock Exchange listing standards. Information regarding executive officers is included in Part I of this Form 10-K as permitted by General Instruction G(3)
ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Information regarding director independence appearing under the caption “Director Independence” in the 2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. ItEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Information appearing under. the captions “Certain Relationships. and Related Person Transactions” and “Principal Accounting Fees. and Services”
“Auditor Fees and Services” and “Policy for Approval of Audit and Permitted Non-Audit Services’ in the 2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference. 60 Exhibit Location 10.21 Amendment dated April 18, 2023 to Employment Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Agreement, dated June 29, 2022 between the Company the Company filed April 20, 20 23 and Kristina K. Schake.
Legacy Disney filed December 23, 2014. Voluntary Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Plan † Legacy Disney filed. December 30, 2023 and between The Walt Disney Company and Sonia L. Coleman † 10.27 Form of Indemnification Agreement for certain † the fiscal year ended October 1, 2022. 10.29 1995 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors.
The Walt Disney Company/ Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Pixar 2004 Equity Incentive Plan † Legacy Disney filed December 1, 2006. The portions of the tables labeled “Performance- based Bonus” in the sections of the Proxy Statement for the 2022 annual meeting titled “Executive Compensation Program Structure - Objectives and Methods” and “Compensation Process” 10.32 Amended and Restated 1997 Non-Employee Directors Annex II to the Proxy statement for the 2003 Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan annual meeting of Legacy Disney.
The Walt Disney Productions and Associated the quarter ended March 28, 2015 Companies Key Employees Deferred Compensation and Retirement Plan, Amended and Restated Benefit Equalization Plan of ABC, Inc. and Disney Key Employees Retirement Savings Plan † 10.37 Second Amendment to the Disney Key. Employees Exhibit 10.33 to the Form 10-K of the Company for Retirement Savings. Plan ‚ the fiscal year ended October 2, 2021 10.38 Third Amendment to. the Disneykey Employees Exhibit10.9 to the form 10-Q of the. Company for retirement savings. plan † the quarter end January 1, 2022 10.40 Group Personal Excess Liability. Insurance Plan ‬ Exhibit. 10.8 to the forms 10
The Walt Disney Company and Associated Companies. Filed herewith Insider Trading Compliance Policy and Program. of the Company for Agreement † the quarter ended July 2, 2022 63 Exhibit Location 10.66 Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of March 1, 2024 Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the company filed March 4, 2024.
The Walt Disney Company Clawback Policy Filed herewith 101 The following materials from the Company’s Annual Filed on Form 10-K for the year ended September 28, 2024 formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Filed Herewith Inline XBRL document)
None. exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company. † Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
All schedules are omitted for the reason that they are not applicable or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes. We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income,. of shareholders’ equity and of cash.
We have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company. The results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 28,. 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) We are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
U.S. standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal Control over Financial Reporting.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
Internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions. The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements. The company must provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets.
69 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (in millions, except per share data) 2024 2023 2022 Revenues: Services $ 81,841 $ 79,562 $ 74,200 Products 9,520 9,336 8,522 Total revenues 91,361 88,898 82,722 Costs and expenses: Cost of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) (52,509) (53,139) (48,962)
Net income from continuing operations 5,773 3,390 3,553 Loss from discontinued operations, net of income tax benefit of $0, $0 and $14, respectively — — (48) Earnings (loss) per share attributable to Disney(1): Diluted Continuing operations $ 2.72 $1.29 $ 1.75 Discontinued operations — — ($2.72) $ 2,972 $2,354 $ 3,145. Total may not equal the sum of the column due to rounding.
The company has a total of 196,219 assets and 205,579 liabilities. The Company has a long-term debt of 38,970 and a short-term indebtedness of 42,101. The company has no shares outstanding. It has a cash balance of $6.2 million and a total debt of $38,970, including $1.4 million in long- term borrowings.
Common stock, $0.01 par value, Authorized – 4.6 billion shares, Issued – 1.9 billion shares at September 28, 2024. Retained earnings 49,722 46,093 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (3,699) 3,292 Total Disney Shareholders’ equity 100,696 99,277 Noncontrolling interests 4,826 4,680 Total equity 105,522 103,957 Total liabilities and equity $ 196,219 $ 205,579
Cash provided by operations - continuing operations 13,971 9,866 6,002. Investments in parks, resorts and other property (5,412) 4,969 (4,943) Proceeds from sales of investments 105 458 52 Purchase of investments (1,506) — — Other, net (68) (130) (117) Cash used in investing activities - continuing operation (6,881)   4,641  (5,008)
Borrowings (payments), net 1,532 (191) (334) Borrowings 132 83 333 Reduction of borrowings (3,064) (1,675) (4,016) Repurchases of common stock (2,992) — — Contributions from noncontrolling interests 9 735 74. Other, net (929) (776) (786) Cash used in financing activities - continuing operations (15,288) ( 2,724) ( 4,729)
2,110 $ 1,685 Income taxes paid $ 3,963 $ 1,.193 $ 1.097 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 74 for more details on Disney’s financial results. For the three months ending October 2, 2021, the company recorded a loss of $3,145. The company reported a profit of $2,321. The balance of the company's equity at the end of 2021 was $55,471.
The Walt Disney Company is a diversified worldwide entertainment company with operations in three segments: Entertainment, Sports and Experiences. The terms “Company’, “we”, ‘our’ and “us” are used in this report to refer collectively to The Walt Disney Co. See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information.
The Entertainment segment generally encompasses the Company’s non-sports focused global film and television content production and distribution activities. The lines of business within Entertainment along with their significant business activities include the following: Linear Networks, Direct-to-Consumer and A+E Television Networks. The parent company and the subsidiaries through which businesses are conducted include Disney, Freeform, FX and National Geographic.
Disney+ Hotstar is a DTC service primarily in India that offers general entertainment, family and sports programming. Hulu is a U.S. DTC that offers live linear streams of various cable and broadcast networks. See Note 2 for information on Hulu LLC (Hulu) ownership. Theatrical distribution includes film and episodic content to television and video-on-demand (TV/VOD)
 Linear Networks also generates revenues from fees charged to television stations affiliated with ABC Network. Theatrical distribution - Rentals from licensing our films to theaters. TV/VOD distribution - Licensing fees for the right to use our programming to their customers. The company has a 30% ownership interest in Tata Play Limited, which operates a direct-to-home satellite distribution platform in India.
Our operating segments report separate financial information, which is evaluated regularly by the Chief Executive Officer. Segment operating results reflect earnings before corporate and unallocated shared expenses, restructuring and impairment charges, net other income, net interest expense, income taxes and noncontrolling interests. We do not present a measure of total assets for our reportable segments as this information is not used by management to allocate resources.
Segment operating results include allocations of certain costs, including information technology, pension, legal and other shared services costs. Segment revenues and segment operating income are as follows: 2024 2023 2022 Revenues Entertainment Third parties: 40,775 $ 40,258 $ 39,231 Intersegment 411 377 338 41,186 40,635 39,569 Sports Third Parties: 16,435 16,091 16,429 Interse segment 1,184 1,020 841 17,619 17,111 17,270 Experiences: 34,151 32,549 28,085 Eliminations (1,595) 1,397 1,179. Total segment revenues $ 91,361
Restructuring and impairment charges in fiscal 2023 include the impact of a content license agreement termination with A+E. The Company’s 50% interest of this gain was $56 million (A+E gain). 79 A reconciliation of segment revenues to total revenues is as follows: 2024 2023 2022 Segment revenues $ 91,361 $ 88,898 $ 83,745 Content License Early Termination(1) — — (1,023)
We have recorded the amounts to terminate the license agreements, net of remaining amounts of deferred revenue, as a reduction of revenue. primarily on our Entertainment Direct-to-Consumer services (Content License Early Termination). Because the content is functional IP, we had recognized substantially all of the consideration to be paid by the customer under the licenses as revenue in prior years when the content was delivered.
Fiscal 2023 and 2022 include a gain of $169 million and a loss of $663 million, respectively, to adjust our investment in DraftKings, Inc. to fair value. The Company sold the DraftKings investment in fiscal 2023. Long-lived assets are primarily parks, resorts and other property, produced and licensed content costs, right-of-use lease assets, equity method.
The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of The Walt Disney Company and its majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company enters into relationships with or makes investments in other entities that may be variable interest entities (VIE) A VIE is consolidated in the financial statements if the Company has the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE.
Company has less than 50% equity ownership. Company subsidiaries (the Management Companies) have management agreements with the Asia Theme Parks. Company’s fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to September 30 and consists of fifty-two weeks with the exception that approximately every six years, we have a fifty-three week year. The Company reports the additional week in the fourth quarter. Fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Revenues and Costs from Services and Products are classified under these two categories in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Reclassifications have been made in the fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 financial statements and notes to conform to the fiscal 2024 presentation. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported.
Revenue is recognized at the start of each availability period when the content is made available for use by the licensee. Royalties from licensing our IP for use on consumer goods, published materials and in multi-platform games are recognized. Theatrical distribution licensing fees are recognized as revenue based on the contractual royalty rate applied to the distributor’s underlying sales from exhibition of the film.
Royalties from the licensing of physical home entertainment distribution rights are recognized as revenue as earned based on the contractual royalty rate applied to the licensee’s underlying product sales. We reduce home entertainment physical distribution revenues for estimated future returns of merchandise and sales incentives based upon historical return experience, current economic trends and projections of consumer demand for our products. Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from revenue.
We evaluate our allowance for credit losses and estimate collectability of current and non-current accounts receivable based on historical bad debt experience. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and marketable securities with original maturities of three months or less. The decrease in advertising expense for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was due to lower spend for our DTC streaming services.
Restricted cash included in: Other current assets — — 3 Other assets 100 53 43 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in the statement of cash flows $ 6,102 $ 14,235 $ 11,661 Investments in equity securities with a readily determinable fair value, not accounted for under the equity method, are recorded at that value with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings.
For equity method investments, the Company regularly reviews its investments to determine whether there is a decline in fair value below book value. Foreign currency assets and liabilities are remeasured into U.S. dollars at end-of-period exchange rates, except for non-monetary balance sheet accounts. Revenue and expenses areremeasured at average exchange rates in effect during each period.
Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are included in income. For local currency functional locations, assets and liabilities are translated at end-of-period rates. Equity is translated at historical rates and the resulting cumulative translation adjustments are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI). Inventories Inventory primarily includes vacation timeshare units, merchandise, food, materials and supplies.
For purposes of amortization and impairment, the capitalized content costs are classified based on their predominant monetization strategy. For produced content, we capitalize all direct costs incurred in the physical production of a film, as well as allocations of production overhead and capitalized interest. For licensed and acquired content,. we capitalize the license fee or acquisition cost, respectively.
We generally classify content that is initially intended for use on our DTC streaming services or Linear Networks as group assets. The classification of content as individual or group only changes if there is a significant change to the title’s monetization strategy relative to its initial assessment. Imputed title by title license fees that may be necessary for other purposes are established as required for those purposes.
Production costs for content that is predominantly monetized individually are amortized based upon the ratio of the current period’s revenues to the estimated remaining total revenues. When there is a significant change in monetization strategy, the title's capitalized content costs are tested for impairment. For film productions, Ultimate Revenues include revenues from all sources, including imputed license fees for content used on our DTC streaming services.
Production costs that are predominantly monetized as a group are amortized based on projected usage, generally resulting in an accelerated or straight-line amortization pattern. Adjustments to projected usage are applied prospectively in the period of the change. We amortize rights costs for multi-year sports programming arrangements during the applicable seasons based on the estimated relative value of each year in the arrangement.
An asset group is generally established by identifying the lowest level of cash flows generated by a group of assets. If the carrying amount of an asset group exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment would be measured as the difference between the fair value of the asset group and the carrying amounts. The Company recorded non-cash impairment charges in the quarter.
In the normal course of business, the Company employs a variety of financial instruments (derivatives) to manage its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. The Company formally documents all relationships between hedges and hedged items as well as its risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking various hedge transactions. Hedges of fair value exposure are entered into in order to hedge the fair value of a recognized asset, liability, or a firm commitment.
The Company’s hedge positions are measured at fair value on the balance sheet. Realized gains and losses from hedges are classified in the income statement consistent with the accounting treatment of the items being hedged. The Company accrues the differential for interest rate swaps to be paid or received under the agreements as interest rates change. Gains and losses on the termination of effective swap agreements, prior to their original maturity, are deferred and amortized to interest expense.
The Company enters into derivatives that are not designated as hedges and do not qualify for hedge accounting. These derivatives are intended to offset certain economic exposures of the Company and are carried at fair value with changes in value recorded in earnings. Cash flows from hedging activities are classified in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows under the same category as the cash flows from the related assets, liabilities or forecasted transactions.
A tax position must meet a minimum probability threshold before a financial statement benefit is recognized. The Company has a 67% ownership interest in Hulu. In November 2023, NBC Universal (NBCU) exercised its right to require the Company to purchase their 33% interest. The tax benefit to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
In December 2023, the Company paid NBCU $8.6 billion, which reflected the guaranteed floor value less NBCU’s unpaid capital call contributions. The Company and NBCU entered into a confidential arbitration to resolve a dispute regarding the contractual appraisal process, in which the parties seek declaratory relief, equitable relief and unspecified damages. The outcome of the arbitration is uncertain, and we cannot reasonably estimate the impact on the appraisal process.
The Company disputes the validity of aspects of NBCU’s appraisal and the corresponding process. The Company awaits the resolution of the confidential arbitration. Once the arbitration is completed, determination of the final equity fair value will take into account the valuation of a third appraiser pursuant to the appraisal process as resolved by the arbitration. If the third appraisers’ Equity Fair Value determination were equal to or below the guaranteed floor value, the Company would pay an additional amount.
The Company would be required to pay NBCU an additional amount of approximately $5 billion as its share of the difference between the equity fair value and the guaranteed floor value. Any incremental amount determined to be payable to NBCU to acquire NBCU’s interest in Hulu would be recorded as “Net income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests” and thus reduce ‘Net income attributable to Disney’ in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
Hearst Corporation contributed $710 million to the domestic DTC sports business, in part to fund its 20% share of the MLB buy-out. The Company presents both basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) amounts. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing net income attributable to Disney by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted EPS is based upon the weightedAverage Number of Common Shares Outstanding.
Common equivalent shares are excluded from the computation in periods for which they have an anti-dilutive effect. Stock options for which the exercise price exceeds the average market price over the period are also excluded. Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding (diluted) 1,831 1,8301,827 Awards excluded from diluted earnings per share 24 24 15 89 Goodwill
The carrying amount of goodwill is as follows: Entertainment Sports Experiences Star India Total Balance at Oct. 1, 2022 $ 55,488 $ 16,859 $ 5,550 $ — $ 77,897 Impairments(1) (425) (296) — — (721) Currency translation adjustments and other, net (32) (77) —— (109) Balance at Sep. 30, 2023 $ 55,.031 $ 16,.486 $ 5,.550 $ – $ 77,.067 Allocation to Star India (2,445) — – 2,445 — Impairment(1), (1,287) — (1,.622) Reclassification to held for sale
As of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company had securities without a readily determinable fair value of $1.7 billion and $0.2 billion, respectively. The most significant of the Company’s securities is an 8% interest in Epic Games, Inc. valued at $ 1.5 billion. Gains, losses and impairments on securities are generally recorded in “Interest expense, net” in the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 1 for realized and unrealized gains and losses on securities recorded in "Other"
The Company has a 48% ownership interest in the operations of Hong Kong Disneyland Resort. The Company has 100% ownership of Disneyland Paris. The Asia Theme Parks together with Disneyland Paris are collectively referred to as the International Theme Parks. The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of the Asia Theme parks’ assets and liabilities included in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet: September 28, September 30, 2024 2023.
Revenues $ 5,783 Costs and expenses (4,716) Asia Theme Parks’ royalty and management fees of $310 million for fiscal 2024 are eliminated in consolidation, but are considered in calculating earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests. The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) and the Company have a 52% and a 48% equity interest in Hong Kong Disneyland Resort. The Company and HKSAR have provided loans to Hong Kong.
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort is undergoing a multi-year expansion estimated to cost HK $10.9 billion ($1.4 billion) The Company and HKSAR have agreed to fund the expansion on an equal basis through equity contributions, which totaled $18 million and $57 million in fiscal 2024 and 2023. The Company has provided Hong Kong Disneyland. Resort with a revolving credit facility of HK $2.7 billion ($347 million), which bears interest at a rate of three month HIBOR plus 1.25% and matures in December 2028. The line of credit does not have a balance outstanding.
Shanghai Shendi (Group) Co., Ltd (Shendi) and the Company have 57% and 43% equity interests in Shanghai Disney Resort, respectively. The amount of additional shares HKSAR can receive is capped on an annual basis and could decrease the Company’s equity interest by up to 6 percentage points over a period no shorter than 10 years. The Company has provided Shanghai Disney. Resort with loans totaling $961 million bearing interest at 8% and are scheduled to mature in 2036.
Fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 (in billions): Balance at Increases Beginning of (Decreases) to Balance at End Period Tax Expense Other Changes of Period Year ended September 28, 2024 $ 3.2 $ (0.3) $ 0.1 $3.0 Fiscal 2023 includes an adjustment related to certain deferred state taxes Unrecognized tax.
At September 28, 2024, September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022 accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits were $0.9 billion, $1.0 billion and $1,8 billion, respectively. Balances at the end of the year include $2,517 billion. If recognized, these amounts would reduce our income tax expense and effective tax rate. These amounts are net of the offsetting benefits from other tax jurisdictions.
The Company’s policy is to report interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense. The Company is generally no longer subject to U.S. federal examination for years prior to 2018. In the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits could change due to the resolution of open tax matters, which would reduce our unrecognize tax benefits by $0.9 billion.
In fiscal 101 2022, the Company recognized income tax benefits of $2 million for the excess of equity-based compensation deductions over amounts recorded based on the grant date fair value. The Company maintains pension and postretirement medical benefit plans covering certain of its employees not covered by union or industry-wide plans. Benefits under these pension plans are generally based on years of service and/or compensation and generally require 3 years of vesting service. Employees generally hired after January 1, 1987 for certain of our media businesses are not eligible for postret retirement medical benefits.
The following chart summarizes the benefit obligations, assets, funded status and balance sheet impacts associated with the defined benefit pension and postretirement medical benefit plans. The chart adjusts for any plan contributions or significant events between September 30 and our fiscal year end. Pension Plans Postretirement Medical Plans September 28, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 20 23 Projected benefit obligations $ (14,690) $ (15,028) $  $ (961) $ 1,539.
The actuarial loss for fiscal 2024 was primarily due to a decrease in the discount rate used to determine the fiscal year-end benefit obligation from the rate that was used in the preceding fiscal year. The Company’s total accumulated pension benefit obligations at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were $15.7 billion and $13.8 billion, respectively. The accumulated postretirement medical benefit obligations and fair value of plan were $17,557 and $15,442 respectively.
A significant portion of the assets of the Company’s defined benefit plans are managed in a third-party master trust. The primary investment objective for the assets within the master trust is the prudent and cost effective management of assets to satisfy benefit obligations to plan. The investment policy ranges for the major asset classes are as follows: Asset Class Minimum Maximum Equity investments 25 % 60 % Fixed income investments 20 % 45 % Alternative investments 10 % 30 % Cash & money market funds — % 10 %
The long-term asset allocation policy for the master trust was established taking into consideration a variety of factors. Financial risks are managed through diversification of plan assets, selection of investment managers and through the investment guidelines incorporated in investment management agreements. Investments are monitored to assess whether returns are commensurate with risks taken. Liquidity needs are generally managed using cash generated by investments or by liquidating securities.
Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received for selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Investments that are valued using the net asset value (NAV) (or its equivalent) practical expedient are excluded from the fair value hierarchy. that enable investment managers to enhance returns and manage exposures within their accounts. Fair Value Measurements of Plan Assets
 NAV per share is determined based on the fair value using the underlying assets divided by the number of units outstanding. The methodologies used at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 are the same. Level 1 investments are valued based on reported market prices on the last trading day of the fiscal year. Level 2 investments in government and federal agency bonds and notes (excluding U.S. Treasury securities) are valued using a broker’s quote in a non-active market.
Estimated future benefit payments are net of expected Medicare subsidy receipts of $36 million. Assumptions, such as discount rates, long-term rate of return on plan assets and the healthcare cost trend rate, have a significant effect on the amounts reported for net periodic benefit cost. The assumed discount rate for pension and postretirement medical plans reflects the market rates for high-quality corporate bonds currently available.
The Company’s discount rate was determined by considering yield curves constructed of a large population of high-quality corporate bonds. The Company measures service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along that yield curve to the plans’ liability cash flows. Long-term rate of return on plan assets represents an estimate of long-term returns on an investment portfolio consisting of equities, fixed income and alternative investments.
The Company reviews external data and its own historical trends for healthcare costs to determine the healthcare cost trend rates for the postretirement medical benefit plans. The 2024 actuarial valuation assumed a 7.00% annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered healthcare claims. A one percentage point change in the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would have the following effects as of September 28, 2024.
These plans generally provide for retirement, death and/or termination benefits for eligible employees within the applicable collective bargaining units. The risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-Employer plans. If a participating employer stops contributing to the multiEmployer plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may become the obligation of the remaining participating employers. The Company also also. bargaining agreements that cover our union-represented employees and expenses its contributions to these plans as incurred.
The Company has defined contribution retirement plans for domestic employees who began service after December 31, 2011. The Company also has savings and investment plans for which the Company generally matches 50% of employee contributions up to plan limits. Health care benefits are provided to participants who meet certain eligibility requirements under the applicable collective bargaining unit. In fiscal year 2022, the Company contributed $ 591 $ 615 $ 803.
On February 7, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.45 per share ($0.8 billion) with respect to the first half of fiscal 2024. On November 30, 2023, the board of directors declared a Cash Dividends Program. The Company repurchased 28 million shares of its common stock for $3.0 billion during the year ended September 28, 2024. During fiscal 2022 operations, the Company did not declare or pay a dividend.
As of September 28, 2024, the Company had remaining authorization in place to repurchase approximately 372 million additional shares. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. The following table summarizes the changes in each component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) including our proportional share of equity method investee amounts. Unrecognized Pension and Foreign Market Value Postretirement Currency Adjustments Medical Translation for Hedges Expense and Other AOCI, before tax
The Company may grant stock options and other equity-based awards to executive, management, technology and creative personnel. Stock options are generally granted with a 10 year term at exercise prices equal to or exceeding the market price at the date of grant. Certain RSUs awarded to senior executives vest based upon the achievement of market or performance conditions (Performance RSUs). The Company’s approach to long-term incentive compensation contemplates awards of stock options.
As of September 28, 2024, the maximum number of shares available for issuance under the Company’s stock incentive plans (assuming all the awards are in the form of RSUs) will be 2,000,000. Equity-based award grants generally provide continued vesting, in the event of termination, for employees that reach age 60 or greater, have at least ten years of service and have held the award for at least one year. RSUs generally vest ratably over three years.
Each year, generally during the first half of the year, the Company awards stock options and restricted stock units to a broad-based group of management, technology and creative personnel. Stock options and RSUs are generally forfeited by employees who terminate prior to vesting. The fair value of options is estimated based on the binomial valuation model. The Company satisfies stock option exercises and vesting of RSUs with newly issued shares.
The weighted average assumptions used in the option-valuation model were as follows: 2024 2023 2022 Risk-free interest rate 4.0 % 3.6 % 1.6% Expected volatility 27 % 31 % 28 % Dividend yield 0.66 % — % — percent Termination rate 6.1 % 5.9 % 58 % Exercise multiple 2.12 1.98 1.97
Compensation expense for RSUs and stock options is recognized ratably over the service period of the award. Compensation expense for Performance RSUs reflects the estimated probability that the market or performance conditions will be met. and market conditions. Equity-based compensation expense is net of capitalized equity-based Compensation and estimated forfeitures and excludes amortization of previously capitalized compensation costs.
The following tables summarize information about stock options vested and expected to vest at September 28, 2024 (shares in millions): Vested Weighted average Number of Weighted Average Remaining Years of Range of Exercise Prices Options Exercise Price Contractual Life $ 80 — $ 110 4 $ 97.36 3.7 $ 111 — $ 140 6 111.98 3.3 $ 141 — $ 170 4 148.62 5.8 $ 171 — $ 200 1 177.59 6.4 15 Expected to Vest Weightedaverage Number ofweightedaverage Remaining years of range of exercise prices Options(1) Exercise Price contractual life $ 0 — $ 92 1 $ 89.33 8.5 $ 93 — $ 184 3 99
On November 18, 2022, a private antitrust putative class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company. The plaintiffs in the Biddle Action asserted a claim under Section 1 of the Sherman Act based on allegations that Disney uses certain pricing and packaging provisions in its carriage agreements with virtual multichannel video distributors (“vMVPDs”) to increase prices for and reduce output of certain services. The Company filed motions to dismiss for failure to state a claim.
The Biddle Action and Fendelander Action were filed on January 31, 2023. The Company filed a motion to dismiss both cases on September 30, 20 23. The court issued an order consolidating the cases on October 13, 20 1923. The Consolidated Complaint asserts claims under Section 1 of the Sherman Act and certain Arizona, California, Florida, Illinois, Iowa, Massachusetts and Michigan antitrust laws.
The consolidated lawsuit is in the early stages, and at this time we cannot reasonably estimate the amount of any possible loss. On February 20, 2024, a private antitrust lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company. Fubo asserts claims under Section 1 of the Sherman Act, Section 7 of the Clayton Act, and New York antitrust law.
Fubo filed a motion for a preliminary injunction against Defendants to prevent the formation of the Sports Streaming JV. Fubo also filed an amended complaint to add allegations of a purported market for “skinny sports bundles” which FUBo claims the Sports streaming JV will monopolize after its launch. The motion for preliminary injunction was denied on April 8, 2024. After a hearing on Fuba’s motion for Preliminary injunction, the judge denied the motion.
The U.S. district court granted Fubo’s motion on August 16, 2024, and enjoined the launch of the joint venture. Defendants filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit from the order for a preliminary injunction. The Company intends to defend against the lawsuit vigorously and at this time we cannot reasonably estimate the amount of any possible loss.
The Company is a defendant in various other legal actions involving copyright, breach of contract and various other claims incident to the conduct of its businesses. Management does not believe that the Company has incurred a probable material loss by reason of any of those actions. See Note 2 for a more detailed discussion of the arbitration and the determination of Hulu’s equity fair value. The Company has leases for real estate and equipment, including office space for general and administrative purposes, production facilities, land and cruise terminals.
In fiscal 2024, we recorded non-cash impairment charges totaling $1.5 billion related to the Star India Transaction. Goodwill was removed from the entertainment goodwill reporting units along with a proportional amount of goodwill. Star sports was a standalone reporting unit which did not have any goodwill. Restructuring and impairment charges $3,595 $ 3,892 $ 237 Star India.
We recorded charges of $0.2 billion and $2.6 billion, in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively, as a result of our strategic changes in approach to content curation. The fiscal 2024 charges related to the removal of produced content from our entertainment linear networks and DTC services. The charges included $ 2.0 billion related tothe removal ofproduced content.
In fiscal 2022, the Company recorded charges of $0.2 billion, primarily due to asset impairments related to exiting our businesses in Russia. In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance to enhance reportable segment disclosures by requiring the disclosure of significant expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker (CODM) and included in the segment’s measure of profit or loss.
In December 2023, the FASB issued guidance to enhance income tax disclosures. The guidance is effective for the Company for annual periods beginning in fiscal year 2025. The Company is currently assessing the impacts of the new guidance on its financial statement disclosures. an explanation of how the CODM uses the segment’s measure of profit or loss to assess segment performance and allocate resources.
In November 2024, the FASB issued guidance that requires the disclosure of additional information related to certain costs and expenses. The Company is currently assessing the impacts of the new guidance on its financial statement disclosures. The guidance is effective for the Company for annual periods beginning in fiscal year 2028 and for interim periods starting in fiscalyear 2029. The Securities and Exchange Commission adopted new rules that will require disclosure of climate-related information.
The new rules are applicable to annual reporting periods and will be phased in beginning with the Company’s 2026 fiscal year. In April 2024, given pending legal challenges, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued an order to voluntarily stay the new rules.