Extracted Regulation-Related Sections:
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K
☒
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024
or
☐
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from __________ to __________.
Commission File Number 001-38842
 
Delaware
 
83-0940635
State or Other Jurisdiction of
 
I.R.S. Employer Identification
Incorporation or Organization
500 South Buena Vista Street
Burbank, California 91521
Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code
(818) 560-1000 
Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Trading Symbol(s)
Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, $0.01 par value
DIS
New York Stock Exchange
Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None.
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes x No o
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes  ☐ No  x
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such 
filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes  x No  o
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).   Yes x No o
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting 
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer”, “smaller reporting company”, and 
“emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer
x
Accelerated filer
☐
Non-accelerated filer
☐
Smaller reporting company
☐
Emerging growth company
☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with 
any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its 
internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm 
that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included 
in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation 
received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).   Yes  ☐ No x
The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates (based on the closing price on the last business day of the registrant’s most 
recently completed second fiscal quarter as reported on the New York Stock Exchange-Composite Transactions) was $223.4 billion. All executive 
officers and directors of the registrant and all persons filing a Schedule 13D with the Securities and Exchange Commission in respect to registrant’s 
common stock have been deemed, solely for the purpose of the foregoing calculation, to be “affiliates” of the registrant.
There were 1,810,939,306 shares of common stock outstanding as of November 6, 2024.
Documents Incorporated by Reference
Certain information required for Part III of this report is incorporated herein by reference to the proxy statement for the 2025 annual meeting of 
the Company’s shareholders.

THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
 
 
Page
PART I
ITEM 1.
Business
2
ITEM 1A.
Risk Factors
17
ITEM 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
27
ITEM 1C.
Cybersecurity
27
ITEM 2.
Properties
28
ITEM 3.
Legal Proceedings
29
ITEM 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
29
Information About our Executive Officers
29
PART II
ITEM 5.
Market for the Company’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity 
Securities
31
ITEM 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
32
ITEM 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
57
ITEM 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
58
ITEM 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
58
ITEM 9A.
Controls and Procedures
58
ITEM 9B.
Other Information
59
ITEM 9C
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
59
PART III
ITEM 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
60
ITEM 11.
Executive Compensation
60
ITEM 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
60
ITEM 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
60
ITEM 14.
Principal Accounting Fees and Services
60
PART IV
ITEM 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
61
ITEM 16.
Form 10-K Summary
65
SIGNATURES
66
Consolidated Financial Information — The Walt Disney Company
67

Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking 
statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance and may include statements 
concerning, among other things, financial results; business plans (including statements regarding new services and products and 
future expenditures, costs and investments); future liabilities and other obligations; impairments and amortization; estimates of 
the financial impact of certain items, accounting treatment, events or circumstances; competition and seasonality on our 
businesses and results of operations; and capital allocation, including share repurchases and dividends. In some cases, you can 
identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “may,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “expects,” “plans,” 
“could,” “intends,” “target,” “projects,” “forecasts,” “believes,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” “potential,” “continue,” 
“assumption” or “judgment” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, 
strategy, plans or intentions. These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on 
assumptions as of the date of this report. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from expectations or results 
projected or implied by forward-looking statements.
Such differences may result from actions taken by the Company, including restructuring or strategic initiatives (including 
capital investments, asset acquisitions or dispositions, new or expanded business lines or cessation of certain operations), our 
execution of our business plans (including the content we create and intellectual properties (IP) we invest in, our pricing 
decisions, our cost structure and our management and other personnel decisions), our ability to quickly execute on cost 
rationalization while preserving revenue, the discovery of additional information or other business decisions, as well as from 
developments beyond the Company’s control, including:
•
the occurrence of subsequent events;
•
deterioration in domestic and global economic conditions or failure of conditions to improve as anticipated;
•
deterioration in or pressures from competitive conditions, including competition to create or acquire content, 
competition for talent and competition for advertising revenue;
•
consumer preferences and acceptance of our content, offerings, pricing model and price increases, and corresponding 
subscriber additions and churn, and the market for advertising sales on our direct-to-consumer services and linear 
networks;
•
health concerns and their impact on our businesses and productions;
•
international, political or military developments;
•
regulatory and legal developments;
•
technological developments;
•
labor markets and activities, including work stoppages;
•
adverse weather conditions or natural disasters; and
•
availability of content.
Such developments may further affect entertainment, travel and leisure businesses generally and may, among other things, 
affect (or further affect, as applicable):
•
our operations, business plans or profitability, including direct-to-consumer profitability;
•
demand for our products and services;
•
the performance of the Company’s content;
•
our ability to create or obtain desirable content at or under the value we assign the content;
•
the advertising market for programming;
•
taxation; and
•
performance of some or all Company businesses either directly or through their impact on those who distribute our 
products.
Additional factors include those described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including under the captions “Risk 
Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and “Business,” in our 
subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, including under the captions “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission.
A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events or circumstances. You should not 
place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. Unless required by federal securities laws, we assume no obligation to 
update any of these forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those 
anticipated, to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the statements are made.
1

Competition and Seasonality
Linear Networks and Direct-to-Consumer compete for viewers’ attention and audience share primarily with other 
television networks, independent television stations and other media, such as other DTC streaming services, social media and 
video games. With respect to the sale of advertising time, we compete with other television networks, independent television 
stations, MVPDs, other DTC streaming services and other advertising media such as digital content, newspapers, magazines, 
radio and billboards. Our television stations primarily compete for audiences and advertisers in local market areas.
Linear Networks compete with other networks for carriage by MVPDs. The Company’s contractual agreements with 
MVPDs are renewed or renegotiated from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Consolidation and other market 
conditions in the cable, satellite and telecommunication distribution industry, including subscriber levels, and other factors may 
adversely affect the Company’s ability to obtain and maintain contractual terms for the distribution of its various programming 
services that are as favorable as those currently in place.
Content Sales/Licensing businesses compete with all forms of entertainment and a significant number of companies that 
produce and/or distribute film and episodic content, distribute products in the home entertainment market, provide pay TV/
VOD services, and produce music and live theater. 
The operating results of Content Sales/Licensing fluctuate due to the timing and performance of releases in the theatrical, 
home entertainment and television markets. Release dates are determined by several factors, including competition and the 
timing of vacation and holiday periods.
We also compete with other media and entertainment companies, independent production companies and video-on-
demand services for creative and performing talent, story properties, show concepts, scripted and other programming, advertiser 
support, production facilities and exhibition outlets that are essential to the success of our Entertainment businesses.
Advertising revenues at Linear Networks and Direct-to-Consumer are subject to seasonal advertising patterns and changes 
in viewership levels. In general, domestic advertising revenues are typically somewhat higher during the fall and somewhat 
lower during the summer months. Affiliate revenues vary with the subscriber levels of MVPDs.
SPORTS
The Sports segment generally encompasses the Company’s sports-focused global television and DTC video streaming 
content production and distribution activities. 
The lines of business within Sports include the following: 
•
ESPN (generally owned 80% by the Company)
◦
Domestic:
▪
Seven ESPN-branded television channels
▪
ESPN on ABC (sports programmed on the ABC Network by ESPN)
▪
ESPN+ DTC service
◦
International: ESPN-branded channels outside of the U.S.
•
Star: Star-branded sports channels in India
In February 2024, the Company, Fox Corporation and Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. announced plans to create a joint
venture to offer a sports-focused DTC platform (Venu Sports) that will distribute each party’s domestic sports networks, certain 
broadcast networks and sports streaming services. In August 2024, a motion for preliminary injunction in a matter before the 
District Court for the Southern District of New York was granted, enjoining the launch of Venu Sports. See Note 14 of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding this legal matter. Further, the formation and launch of 
Venu Sports are subject to the finalization of definitive agreements among the parties. 
In early fall 2025, the Company plans to launch a new DTC offering, which will include live linear streams of the 
domestic ESPN-branded television channels and ESPN+.
The significant revenues of Sports are as follows:
•
Affiliate fees
•
Advertising
•
Subscription fees
•
Other revenue - Fees from the following activities: pay-per-view events on ESPN+, sub-licensing of sports rights,
programming ESPN on ABC and licensing the ESPN brand
7

The significant expenses of Sports are as follows:
•
Operating expenses, consisting primarily of programming and production costs, technology support costs, operating
labor and distribution costs. Programming and production costs include amortization of licensed sports rights and
production costs related to live sports and other sports-related programming.
•
Selling, general and administrative costs, including marketing costs
•
Depreciation and amortization
Domestic ESPN
Branded television channels include seven 24-hour domestic television sports channels: 
•
ESPN and ESPN2 - both dedicated to professional and college sports as well as sports news and original programming
•
ESPNU - dedicated to college sports
•
ESPNEWS - re-airs select ESPN studio shows and airs a variety of other programming
•
SEC Network - dedicated to Southeastern Conference college athletics
•
ACC Network - dedicated to Atlantic Coast Conference college athletics
•
ESPN Deportes - airs professional and college sports as well as studio shows in Spanish
ESPN programs ESPN on ABC and recognizes the direct revenues and costs for this programming and receives a fee from
the ABC Network, which is eliminated in consolidation. In addition, the Company earns advertising and licensing revenues 
from providing promotional services and licensing the ESPN BET trademark to PENN Entertainment, Inc. in connection with 
its operation of a sportsbook.
The Company has various sports programming rights, which are used to produce content aired on ESPN television 
networks and ESPN+, including live events and sports news. Rights include the National Football League (NFL), college 
football (including bowl games and the College Football Playoff) and basketball, the National Basketball Association (NBA), 
mixed martial arts, Major League Baseball (MLB), the National Hockey League (NHL), soccer, Top Rank Boxing, Formula 1, 
US Open Tennis, the Wimbledon Championships, the Masters golf tournament, the Professional Golfers’ Association (PGA) 
Championship and the Women’s National Basketball Association (WNBA).
The number of subscribers (in millions) for the significant domestic branded channels are as follows: 
Subscribers
ESPN(1)
66
ESPN2(1)
66
ESPNU(1)
47
ESPNEWS(2)
40
SEC Network(2)
45
ACC Network(2)
44
(1) Based on Nielsen Media Research estimates as of September 2024. Estimates include traditional MVPD and the
majority of digital OTT subscriber counts.
(2) Because Nielsen Media Research does not measure this channel, estimated subscribers are according to SNL Kagan as
of December 2023.
ESPN+ is a domestic subscription-based DTC service offering thousands of live sporting events, on-demand sports 
content and other original programming. The service is offered individually or in various bundles with Disney+ and Hulu to 
customers directly or through third-party distributors on mobile and internet connected devices. ESPN+ revenue is derived from 
subscription fees, pay-per-view fees and, to a lesser extent, advertising. Live events available through the service include mixed 
martial arts, soccer, hockey, boxing, baseball, college sports, golf, tennis and cricket. ESPN+ is currently the exclusive 
distributor for Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) pay-per-view events in the U.S. As of September 28, 2024, the 
estimated number of paid ESPN+ subscribers, based on internal management reports, was approximately 26 million.
International ESPN
The Company operates approximately 45 ESPN branded sports channels outside the U.S. in 4 languages and 
approximately 115 countries/territories.  In the Netherlands, the ESPN branded channels are operated by Eredivisie Media & 
Marketing CV (EMM) (owned 51% by the Company), which has the media and sponsorship rights to the Dutch Premier 
League for soccer. Rights include various soccer leagues (including English Premier League, LaLiga, Bundesliga and multiple 
UEFA leagues). As of September 2024, the estimated number of subscribers to ESPN branded channels outside the U.S., based 
on internal management reports, was approximately 55 million.
8

3,600 vacation club units. Resort facilities include 500,000 square feet of conference meeting space and Disney’s Fort 
Wilderness camping and recreational area, which offers approximately 800 campsites. 
Disney Springs is an approximately 120 acre themed retail, dining and entertainment complex and consists of four areas: 
Marketplace, The Landing, Town Center and West Side. The areas are home to approximately 150 venues including the World 
of Disney retail store, which includes approximately 38,000 square feet of retail space. Most of the Disney Springs facilities are 
operated by third parties that pay rent to the Company.
Ten independently-operated hotels with approximately 7,000 rooms are situated on property leased from the Company.
ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex is a 230 acre center that hosts professional caliber training and competitions, 
festival and tournament events and interactive sports activities. The complex, which welcomes both amateur and professional 
athletes, accommodates multiple sporting events, including baseball, basketball, football, soccer, softball, tennis and track and 
field. It also includes a stadium, as well as two venues designed for cheerleading, dance competitions and other indoor sports. 
Other recreational amenities and activities available at the Walt Disney World Resort include three championship golf 
courses, miniature golf courses, full-service spas, tennis, sailing, swimming, horseback riding and a number of other sports and 
leisure time activities. The resort also includes two water parks: Disney’s Blizzard Beach and Disney’s Typhoon Lagoon.
Disneyland Resort
The Disneyland Resort is located in Anaheim, California on approximately 550 acres of land. The Disneyland Resort 
includes two theme parks (Disneyland and Disney California Adventure), three resort hotels and a retail, dining and 
entertainment complex (Downtown Disney).
The Disneyland Resort is marketed through a variety of international, national and local advertising and promotional 
activities. A number of attractions and restaurants in the theme parks are sponsored or operated by other companies under 
multi-year agreements.
Disneyland — Disneyland consists of nine themed areas: Adventureland, Bayou Country, Fantasyland, Frontierland, Main 
Street USA, Mickey’s Toontown, New Orleans Square, Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge and Tomorrowland. These areas feature 
themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences. 
Disney California Adventure — Disney California Adventure includes eight themed areas: Avengers Campus, Buena 
Vista Street, Cars Land, Grizzly Peak, Hollywood Land, Paradise Gardens Park, Pixar Pier and San Fransokyo Square. These 
areas include themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences.
Hotels, Vacation Club Units and Other Resort Facilities — As of September 28, 2024, the Company owned and operated 
three resort hotels and vacation club properties at the Disneyland Resort, with approximately 2,400 rooms and 180 vacation 
club units. Resort facilities included 180,000 square feet of conference meeting space.
Downtown Disney is a themed 15-acre retail, dining and entertainment complex with approximately 30 venues. Most of 
the Downtown Disney facilities are operated by third parties that pay rent to the Company.
Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa
Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa is a family resort on a 21 acre oceanfront property on Oahu, Hawaii featuring 
approximately 350 hotel rooms, an 18,000-square-foot spa and 12,000 square feet of conference meeting space. The resort also 
has approximately 480 vacation club units.
Disneyland Paris
Disneyland Paris is located approximately 20 miles east of Paris, France in Marne-la-Vallée, on approximately 5,200 
acres. The land is being developed pursuant to a master agreement with French governmental authorities. Disneyland Paris 
includes two theme parks (Disneyland Park and Walt Disney Studios Park); seven themed resort hotels; two convention centers; 
a retail, dining and entertainment complex (Disney Village); and a 27-hole golf facility. Of the 5,200 acres comprising the site, 
approximately half have been developed to date, including a planned community (Val d’Europe).
Disneyland Park — Disneyland Park consists of five themed areas: Adventureland, Discoveryland, Fantasyland, 
Frontierland and Main Street USA. These areas include themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment 
experiences.
Walt Disney Studios Park — Walt Disney Studios Park includes five themed areas: Front Lot, Production Courtyard, 
Toon Studio, Worlds of Pixar and Avengers Campus. These areas each include themed attractions, restaurants, merchandise 
shops and entertainment experiences. Walt Disney Studios Park is undergoing a multi-year expansion that will include a new 
themed area based on Frozen, which is planned to open in 2026 and coincide with the renaming of Walt Disney Studios Park to 
Disney Adventure World.
11

Hotels and Other Facilities — Disneyland Paris operates seven resort hotels, with approximately 5,750 rooms and 
250,000 square feet of conference meeting space. In addition, we have relationships with seven independently-owned and 
operated partner hotels, both on- and off-property, that provide approximately 2,100 rooms.  
Disney Village is an approximately 500,000-square-foot themed retail, dining and entertainment complex. Construction is 
currently underway on a multi-year transformation of Disney Village. A number of the Disney Village facilities are operated by 
third parties that pay rent to the Company.
Val d’Europe is a planned community near Disneyland Paris that is being developed in phases. Val d’Europe currently 
includes a regional train station, hotels and a town center consisting of a shopping center as well as office, commercial and 
residential space. Third parties operate these developments on land leased or purchased from the Company.
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
The Company owns a 48% interest in Hong Kong Disneyland Resort and the Government of the Hong Kong Special 
Administrative Region (HKSAR) owns a 52% interest. The resort is located on Lantau Island on 310 acres and is in close 
proximity to the Hong Kong International Airport and the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge. Hong Kong Disneyland Resort 
includes one theme park and three themed resort hotels. A separate Hong Kong subsidiary of the Company is responsible for 
managing Hong Kong Disneyland Resort. The Company is entitled to receive royalties and management fees based on the 
operating performance of Hong Kong Disneyland Resort.
Hong Kong Disneyland — Hong Kong Disneyland consists of eight themed areas: Adventureland, Fantasyland, Grizzly 
Gulch, Main Street USA, Mystic Point, Tomorrowland, Toy Story Land and World of Frozen. These areas feature themed 
attractions, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences. 
Hotels — Hong Kong Disneyland Resort includes three themed hotels with approximately 1,750 rooms and 16,000 square 
feet of conference meeting space.
Shanghai Disney Resort
The Company owns a 43% interest in Shanghai Disney Resort and Shanghai Shendi (Group) Co., Ltd (Shendi) owns a 
57% interest. The resort is located in the Pudong district of Shanghai on approximately 1,000 acres of land, which includes the 
Shanghai Disneyland theme park; two themed resort hotels; a retail, dining and entertainment complex (Disneytown); and an 
outdoor recreation area. A management company, in which the Company has a 70% interest and Shendi has a 30% interest, is 
responsible for operating the resort and receives a management fee based on the operating performance of Shanghai Disney 
Resort. The Company is also entitled to royalties based on the resort’s revenues.
Shanghai Disneyland — Shanghai Disneyland consists of eight themed areas: Adventure Isle, Fantasyland, Gardens of 
Imagination, Mickey Avenue, Tomorrowland, Toy Story Land, Treasure Cove and Zootopia, which opened in December 2023. 
These areas feature themed attractions, shows, restaurants, merchandise shops and entertainment experiences. 
Hotels and Other Facilities — Shanghai Disneyland Resort includes two themed hotels with approximately 1,200 rooms. 
Disneytown is an 11-acre outdoor complex of retail, dining, and entertainment venues located adjacent to Shanghai Disneyland. 
Most Disneytown facilities are operated by third parties that pay rent to Shanghai Disney Resort. The Company is currently 
constructing a third themed hotel, which will have approximately 400 rooms. 
Tokyo Disney Resort
Tokyo Disney Resort is located on 494 acres of land, six miles east of downtown Tokyo, Japan. The Company earns 
royalties on revenues generated by the Tokyo Disney Resort, which is owned and operated by Oriental Land Co., Ltd. (OLC), a 
third-party Japanese corporation. The resort includes two theme parks (Tokyo Disneyland and Tokyo DisneySea); six Disney-
branded hotels; six other hotels (operated by third parties other than OLC); a retail, dining and entertainment complex 
(Ikspiari); and Bon Voyage, a Disney-themed merchandise location.
Tokyo Disneyland — Tokyo Disneyland consists of seven themed areas: Adventureland, Critter Country, Fantasyland, 
Tomorrowland, Toontown, Westernland and World Bazaar.
Tokyo DisneySea — Tokyo DisneySea is divided into eight “ports of call,” including American Waterfront, Arabian 
Coast, Lost River Delta, Mediterranean Harbor, Mermaid Lagoon, Mysterious Island, Port Discovery and Fantasy Springs, 
which opened in June 2024. 
Hotels and Other Resort Facilities — Tokyo Disney Resort includes six Disney-branded hotels with approximately 3,500 
rooms and a monorail, which links the theme parks and resort hotels with Ikspiari. The sixth Disney-branded hotel, Tokyo 
DisneySea Fantasy Springs Hotel, opened in June 2024.
12

Competition and Seasonality
The Company’s theme parks and resorts as well as Disney Cruise Line and Disney Vacation Club compete with other 
forms of entertainment, lodging, tourism and recreational activities. The profitability of the leisure-time industry may be 
influenced by various factors that are not directly controllable, such as economic conditions including business cycle and 
exchange rate fluctuations, health concerns, the political environment, travel industry trends, amount of available leisure time, 
oil and transportation prices, weather patterns and natural disasters. The licensing and retail business competes with other 
licensors, retailers and publishers of character, brand and celebrity names, as well as other licensors, publishers and developers 
of game software, online video content, websites, other types of home entertainment and retailers of toys and kids merchandise.
All of the theme parks and the associated resort facilities are operated on a year-round basis. Typically, theme park 
attendance and resort occupancy fluctuate based on the seasonal nature of vacation travel and leisure activities, the opening of 
new guest offerings and pricing and promotional offers. Peak attendance and resort occupancy generally occur during the 
summer months when school vacations occur and during early winter and spring holiday periods. In addition, theme park and 
resort revenues may be higher during significant celebrations such as theme park or character anniversaries and lower in the 
periods following such celebrations. The licensing, retail and wholesale businesses are influenced by seasonal consumer 
purchasing behavior, which generally results in higher revenues during the Company’s first and fourth fiscal quarter, and by the 
timing and performance of theatrical and game releases and cable programming broadcasts.
STAR INDIA TRANSACTION
The Company and Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) plan to close a transaction on or about November 14, 2024, which 
will form a joint venture that combines our Star-branded and other general entertainment and sports television channels and 
direct-to-consumer Disney+ Hotstar service in India (Star India) and certain media and entertainment businesses controlled by 
RIL (the Star India Transaction) (see Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information).
HUMAN CAPITAL
The Company’s key human capital management objectives are to attract, retain and develop the highest quality talent. To 
support these objectives, the Company’s human resources programs are designed to develop talent to prepare them for critical 
roles and leadership positions for the future; reward and support employees through competitive pay, benefit and perquisite 
programs; enhance the Company’s culture through efforts aimed at making the workplace more engaging and inclusive; acquire 
talent and facilitate internal talent mobility to create a high-performing, diverse workforce; engage employees as brand 
ambassadors of the Company’s content, products and experiences; and evolve and invest in technology, tools and resources to 
enable employees at work.
The Company employed approximately 233,000 people as of September 28, 2024, of which approximately 171,000 were 
employed in the U.S. and approximately 62,000 were employed outside the U.S. Our global workforce comprises 
approximately 76% full time and 16% part time employees, with another 8% being seasonal employees. A significant number 
of employees in various parts of our businesses, including employees of our theme parks, and writers, directors, actors and 
production personnel for our productions are covered by collective bargaining agreements. In addition, some of our employees 
outside the U.S. are represented by works councils, trade unions or other employee associations.
Some of our key programs and initiatives to attract, develop and retain our diverse workforce include:
•
Health, financial, family resources, well-being and other benefits: Disney’s benefit offerings are designed to meet
the varied and evolving needs of our diverse employees and their families. These benefit offerings for eligible
employees include:
◦
Healthcare options aimed at improving quality of care while limiting out-of-pocket costs
◦
Retirement and savings programs that help employees adapt to changing needs and unexpected events and drive
financial security in the present and the future
◦
Family care resources, such as childcare and senior care programs, long-term care coverage and a family building
benefit
◦
Paid time-off programs, including vacation and sick and family care leave
◦
Free mental health and well-being resources
◦
Global well-being programs, including in-person offerings through campus health clubs and virtual and onsite
events and activities focused on physical, emotional, financial and social well-being
◦
Two Centers for Living Well in the Orlando area that offer convenient, on-demand access to board-certified
physicians and counselors
14

•
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DEI): Our DEI objectives are to build and sustain teams that reflect the life
experiences of our audiences, while employing and supporting a diverse array of voices in our creative and production
teams. Some of our DEI initiatives and programs are:
◦
Executive incubator program and creative talent development program designed to engage the next generation of
creative executives from underrepresented backgrounds
◦
Heroes Work Here, an initiative to hire, train and support U.S. military veterans
◦
Over 100 employee-led groups, which represent and support the diverse communities that make up our global
workforce
•
Talent Development and Education: We invest in creating opportunities to help employees grow and build their
careers through training, professional development and educational programs.
◦
Our training and professional development programs are presented in online, instructor-led and on-the-job learning
formats, including Career@Disney: INTERACTIVE, a new series of immersive virtual and in-person experiences
designed to aid employees in enhancing their careers
◦
Our education investment program, Disney Aspire, offers assistance for tuition, books and fees to eligible
participating employees at a variety of in-network learning providers and universities at levels ranging from high
school completion to undergraduate degrees. At the end of fiscal 2024, more than 12,000 current employees were
enrolled and more than 5,000 current employees had graduated since the program launched in 2018.
•
Social Impact: The Company has a longstanding commitment to social impact by supporting communities through
our philanthropic efforts, including through our support of wish granting and children’s hospitals and our efforts to
support communities in which we operate and the contributions of our employees. The Company supports employees
who make monetary donations to eligible nonprofits with a generous U.S. matching gifts program. In addition, through
the Disney VoluntEARS program, we encourage employees to donate their time and talents to their local communities
and provide grants that allow eligible employees to direct donations from the Company to nonprofits of their choosing
as a benefit for the time they spend volunteering.
ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY
The Company has developed measurable environmental sustainability goals for 2030, based on our assessment of where 
the Company’s operations have the most significant environmental impacts and where we can most effectively mitigate those 
impacts. The Company’s goals encompass science-based targets for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, water stewardship, waste 
reduction, sustainable design in construction and use of more sustainable materials in our products.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTION
The Company’s businesses throughout the world are affected by its ability to exploit and protect against infringement of 
its IP, including trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and trade secrets. Important IP includes rights in the content of 
motion pictures, television programs, electronic games, sound recordings, character likenesses, theme park attractions, books 
and magazines and merchandise. Risks related to the protection and exploitation of IP rights and information concerning the 
expiration of certain of our copyrights are set forth in Item 1A – Risk Factors.
REGULATION
Federal Communications Commission Regulation
Television broadcasting is subject to extensive regulation by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) under 
federal laws and regulations, including the Communications Act of 1934, as amended. Violation of FCC regulations can result 
in substantial monetary fines, limited renewals of licenses and, in egregious cases, denial of license renewal or revocation of a 
license. FCC regulations that affect linear channels include the following:
•
Licensing of television stations. Each of the television stations we own must be licensed by the FCC. These licenses
are granted for periods of up to eight years, and we must obtain renewal of licenses as they expire in order to continue
operating the stations. We (and the acquiring entity in the case of a divestiture) must also obtain FCC approval
whenever we seek to have a license transferred in connection with the acquisition or divestiture of a station. The FCC
may decline to renew or approve the transfer of a license in certain circumstances and may delay renewals while
permitting a licensee to continue operating. Although we have received such renewals and approvals in the past or
have been permitted to continue operations when renewal is delayed, there can be no assurance that this will be the
case in the future.
15

•
Station ownership limits. The FCC imposes limitations on the number of television stations and radio stations an entity
can own in a specific market, on the combined number of television and radio stations an entity can own in a single
market and on the aggregate percentage of the national audience that can be reached by television stations. Currently:
◦
FCC regulations may restrict our ability to own more than one television station in a market, depending on the size
and nature of the market. We do not own more than one television station in any market.
◦
Federal statutes permit our television stations in the aggregate to reach a maximum of 39% of the national
audience. Pursuant to the most recent decision by the FCC as to how to calculate compliance with this limit, our
eight stations reach approximately 20% of the national audience.
•
Dual networks. FCC rules currently prohibit any of the four major broadcast television networks — ABC, CBS, Fox
and NBC — from being under common ownership or control.
•
Foreign ownership. The Communications Act generally restricts foreign individuals or entities from collectively
owning more than 25% of the voting or equity interest in a U.S. entity that controls a broadcast television license. FCC
approval is required to exceed the 25% threshold.
•
Regulation of programming. The FCC regulates broadcast programming by, among other things, banning “indecent”
programming, regulating political advertising and imposing commercial time limits during children’s programming.
Penalties for broadcasting indecent programming can be over $400,000 per indecent utterance or image per station.
Federal legislation and FCC rules also limit the amount of commercial matter that may be shown on broadcast or cable
channels during programming designed for children 12 years of age and younger. In addition, broadcast stations are
generally required to provide an average of three hours per week of programming that has as a “significant purpose”
meeting the educational and informational needs of children 16 years of age and younger. FCC rules also give
television station owners the right to reject or refuse network programming in certain circumstances or to substitute
programming that the licensee reasonably believes to be of greater local or national importance.
•
Cable and satellite carriage of broadcast television stations. With respect to MVPDs operating within a television
station’s Designated Market Area, FCC rules require that every three years each television station elect either “must
carry” status, pursuant to which MVPDs generally must carry a local television station in the station’s market, or
“retransmission consent” status, pursuant to which the MVPDs must negotiate with the television station to obtain the
consent of the television station prior to carrying its signal. The ABC owned television stations have historically
elected retransmission consent.
•
Cable and satellite carriage of programming. The Communications Act and FCC rules regulate some aspects of
negotiations between programmers and distributors regarding the carriage of networks by cable and satellite
distribution companies, and some cable and satellite distribution companies have sought regulation of additional
aspects of the carriage of programming on their systems. New legislation, court action or regulation in this area could
have an impact on the Company’s operations.
The foregoing is a brief summary of certain provisions of the Communications Act, other legislation and specific FCC 
rules and policies. Reference should be made to the Communications Act, other legislation, FCC rules and public notices and 
rulings of the FCC for further information concerning the nature and extent of the FCC’s regulatory authority.
FCC laws and regulations are subject to change, and the Company generally cannot predict whether new legislation, court 
action or regulations, or a change in the extent of application or enforcement of current laws and regulations, would have an 
adverse impact on our operations.
Privacy and Data Protection Regulation
Our businesses are subject to various privacy and data protection laws and regulations in most of the domestic and 
international jurisdictions in which our businesses operate. Those laws and regulations govern our use, collection, storage, 
retention and sharing of personal information and vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, including within the U.S. at the federal 
level and among the 50 states. This patchwork of domestic and international laws creates different obligations that are, at times, 
inconsistent with one another.
While there is no comprehensive privacy law in the U.S. at the federal level, there are a number of sector-specific federal 
privacy laws applicable to our operations, such as the Video Privacy Protection Act, which restricts the ability to share personal 
information along with specific viewing information with third parties. In addition, various U.S. states, including California, 
have passed comprehensive data privacy laws that establish various consumer rights with respect to their personal information, 
including the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information with third parties, to gain access to the personal 
information that companies hold about them, to delete personal information and to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive 
information. We are also subject to privacy legal and regulatory requirements in many jurisdictions outside the United States, 
including the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union and similar comprehensive data privacy legislation in 
16

the UK. These laws require organizations that process the personal data of EU and UK citizens to comply with certain data 
protection standards and privacy rights, including requirements to implement privacy by design; parental consent for processing 
children’s data; detailed privacy notices and related consents; breach notifications; and data subject rights to enforce access, 
rectification, objection, restriction, portability and deletion.
We also are subject to laws and regulations that are intended to protect the privacy of children online, including the 
Children’s Online Protection Privacy Act, a U.S. federal law that requires websites and online services to obtain parental 
consent before collecting personal information from children under 13, as well as codes of conduct relating to the design of 
digital products and services likely to be accessed by children, such as the UK’s Age Appropriate Design Code. These laws, 
regulations and codes of conduct have an impact on the marketing of our products and services, the advertising on certain of our 
and third-party digital platforms that distribute our content and the design of certain of our new media offerings.
In addition, U.S. state laws and many international data protection laws require notifications to consumers and regulators 
in the event of a data breach, mandating that businesses provide consumers and/or government agencies notice of unauthorized 
access or disclosure of certain information.
Interpretation of privacy and data protection laws and enforcement priorities continue to evolve and in some cases, 
regulators seek to apply novel interpretations of existing laws.
Compliance with privacy and data protection laws and regulations entails significant investments and is costly and 
requires us to employ dedicated compliance personnel and processes. In addition, many of these laws and regulations provide 
for substantial fines, private rights of action for damages and other relief.
International Content Regulation
The laws and regulations in many international jurisdictions in which we operate, including in the EU and Canada, require 
our linear networks or our DTC streaming services to include a certain amount of programming produced in specific 
jurisdictions or languages or require us to invest specified amounts of our revenues in local content or to acquire content 
produced by local independent production companies. In addition, some countries regulate the content of films and television 
programming, which can impact our ability to distribute certain content in those jurisdictions or can require us to make 
adjustments to the films or programming. These laws and regulations increase our costs and impact our ability to operate our 
DTC streaming services and linear networks and distribute our films and programming in these markets.
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those 
reports are available without charge on our website, www.disney.com/investors, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are 
filed electronically with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
We also use our Investor Relations website as a means of disclosing material non-public information. We may also use 
our Investor Relations website for the purpose of complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Therefore, 
we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in Disney to review the information we post on our Investor Relations 
website.
We are providing the address to our website solely for the information of investors. We do not intend our website address 
to be an active link or to otherwise incorporate the contents of the website into this report.
ITEM 1A. Risk Factors
For an enterprise as large and complex as the Company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future 
developments and performance. In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the 
description of these operations and the financial results of these operations elsewhere in our filings with the SEC, the most 
significant factors affecting our business include the following:
RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESSES AND INDUSTRY
Declines in U.S., global and regional economic conditions adversely affect the profitability of our businesses.
Declines in economic conditions, such as recessions, other less severe slowdowns in economic activity and/or inflationary 
conditions in the U.S. and other regions of the world in which we do business typically adversely affect demand for our 
products and services and/or costs to operate our businesses, reducing our revenue and earnings. Past declines in economic 
conditions reduced or resulted in slower growth than expected in, among other things, guest spending at our parks and resorts, 
purchases of and prices for advertising on our platforms and purchases of Company-branded consumer products, and we expect 
similar impacts as such conditions recur. Recent inflationary conditions increased certain of our costs, including at our parks 
17

and resorts. While a number of different factors affect the demand for our products and services, actual or perceived economic 
conditions could contribute to lower attendance or spending at our parks and experiences businesses, prices that MVPDs pay 
for our cable programming, purchases of and prices for advertising on our DTC products and linear platforms, subscription 
levels for our cable programming or DTC platforms or licensing fees, while also continuing to increase the prices we pay for 
goods, services and labor. Even if inflationary pressures moderate, we expect certain costs, such as for labor, to remain 
elevated. In addition, an increase in price levels generally, or in price levels in a particular sector, could result in a shift in 
consumer demand away from the entertainment and experiences we offer, which could also adversely affect our revenues and, 
at the same time, increase our costs, including borrowing costs as a result of elevated interest rates, making it more difficult to 
obtain financing for our operations and investments on favorable terms. A decline in economic conditions or a failure of 
conditions to improve as anticipated could impact implementation or success of our business plans, such as our plans to 
increase investment in our Experiences segment, the realignment of our cost structure and plans for our DTC ad-supported 
services, enhancements, pricing structure and price increases. Unfavorable economic conditions also impair the ability of those 
with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. The adverse impact on our businesses of actual or perceived 
declines in economic conditions or a failure of conditions to improve as anticipated will depend, in part, on their severity and 
duration and our ability to mitigate these impacts on our businesses is limited.
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates impact our revenues and the profitability of our businesses.
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar impact our revenues and the profitability of our 
businesses, including by impacting the cost in U.S. dollars of providing our goods and services, our revenues in U.S. dollars 
generated by our international businesses and the international demand for our domestic products and services. The current or 
continued strength in the value of the U.S. dollar adversely impacts the U.S. dollar value of revenue we receive and expect to 
receive from other markets and contributes to reduced international demand for our domestic products and services, including 
international travel to our domestic parks and resorts. A decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar often increases the cost of labor, 
goods and services in, or originating from, non-U.S. markets. Although we hedge exposure to fluctuations in certain foreign 
currencies, any such hedging activity may not substantially offset the negative financial impact of exchange rate fluctuations 
and is not expected to offset all such negative financial impact, particularly in periods of sustained U.S. dollar strength relative 
to multiple foreign currencies. Further, economic or political conditions in certain countries outside the U.S. also have reduced, 
and could continue to reduce, our ability to hedge exposure to currency fluctuations in those countries or our ability to repatriate 
revenue from those countries.
Changes in technology, in consumer consumption patterns and in how entertainment products are created affect 
demand for our entertainment products, the revenue we can generate from these products and the cost of producing or 
distributing these products.
The media entertainment and technology businesses in which we participate increasingly depend on our ability to 
successfully adapt to new technologies including shifting patterns of content consumption and how entertainment products are 
generated. New technologies affect the demand for our products, the manner in which our products are distributed to 
consumers, the ways we charge for and receive revenue for our entertainment products and the stability of those revenue 
streams, the sources and nature of competing content offerings, the time and manner in which consumers acquire and view 
some of our entertainment products and the options available to advertisers for reaching their desired audiences. These 
developments have impacted the business model for certain traditional forms of distribution, as evidenced by the industry-wide 
decline in ratings for broadcast and cable television, the reduction in demand for home entertainment sales of theatrical content, 
the development of alternative distribution channels for broadcast and cable programming and declines in subscriber levels for 
traditional cable channels. These developments have decreased advertising and affiliate revenue at some of our linear networks 
and have led, and may lead in the future, to the impairment of the value of certain of our assets. In addition, theater-going to 
watch movies has remained below pre-pandemic levels. 
Rules governing new technological developments, such as developments in artificial intelligence (AI), including 
generative AI and large language model tools, remain unsettled, and these developments may affect aspects of our existing 
business model, including revenue streams for the use of our IP, how we create our entertainment products and the competition 
we face. In order to respond to the impact of new technologies on our businesses, we regularly consider, and from time to time 
implement new initiatives and changes to our business models, including by developing, investing in and acquiring DTC 
products, reorganizing our media and entertainment businesses to advance our DTC strategies and developing new media 
offerings. There can be no assurance that our DTC offerings, new media offerings and other efforts will successfully respond to 
technological changes. In addition, declines in certain traditional forms of distribution impacts the cost of content allocable to 
our DTC offerings, negatively impacting the profitability of our DTC offerings. As part of our DTC strategy, we forgo certain 
revenue from certain traditional sources as we invest in our DTC offerings. Since launch, our DTC streaming services 
experienced significant losses. There can be no assurance that the DTC model and other business models we may develop will 
each be or remain profitable or be as profitable over the long term as our historic business models.
18

We face risks relating to misalignment with public and consumer tastes and preferences for entertainment, travel and 
consumer products, which impact demand for our entertainment offerings and products and the profitability of our 
businesses.
Our businesses create entertainment, travel and consumer products, the success of which depends substantially on 
consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The success of our businesses depends on our ability 
to consistently produce compelling creative content, which may be distributed, among other ways, through DTC platforms, 
broadcast, cable, theaters and used in theme park attractions, hotels and other resort facilities and travel experiences and 
consumer products. Such distribution must meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to 
competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments in the delivery of content. The 
success of our theme parks, resorts, cruise ships and experiences, as well as our theatrical releases, depends on demand for out-
of-home entertainment experiences. Demand for certain out-of-home entertainment experiences, such as theater-going to watch 
movies, has not returned to pre-pandemic levels. In addition, many of our businesses depend on acceptance of our offerings and 
products by consumers outside the U.S. The success of our businesses therefore depends on our ability to successfully predict 
and adapt to continually evolving consumer tastes and preferences outside as well as inside the U.S. Moreover, we must often 
make substantial investments in content production and acquisition, acquisition of sports and programming rights, theme park 
attractions, cruise ships or hotels and other facilities or customer facing platforms before we know the extent to which these 
products will earn consumer acceptance, and the market, economic or social conditions are sometimes significantly different 
from the ones we anticipated at the time of the investment decisions. Further, preferences of some consumers are affected by 
their perceptions of our position on matters of public interest, including regarding environmental and social issues. Generally, 
revenues from, and profitability of, each of our businesses are adversely impacted when our entertainment offerings and 
products, as well as our methods to make our offerings and products available to consumers, do not align with constantly 
evolving consumer preferences and tastes or achieve sufficient consumer acceptance.
A variety of uncontrollable events disrupt our businesses, reduce demand for or consumption of our products and 
services, impair our ability to provide our products and services or increase the cost or reduce the profitability of 
providing our products and services.
The operation and profitability of our businesses and demand for and consumption of our products and services, 
particularly our parks and experiences businesses, are highly dependent on the general environment for travel and tourism, 
including in the specific regions in which our parks and experiences businesses operate. In addition, we have extensive 
international operations, including our international theme parks and resorts, which are dependent on domestic and international 
regulations consistent with trade and investment in those regions. The operation of our businesses and the environment for 
travel and tourism, as well as demand for and consumption of our other entertainment products, is subject to significant adverse 
impact in the U.S., globally or in specific regions as a result of a variety of factors beyond our control, including: health 
concerns; adverse weather conditions arising from short-term weather patterns or long-term climate change, including longer 
and more regular excessive heat conditions, catastrophic events or natural disasters (such as excessive heat or rain, hurricanes, 
typhoons, floods, droughts, tsunamis and earthquakes); international, political or military developments, including trade and 
other international disputes and social unrest; macroeconomic conditions, including a decline in economic activity, inflation and 
foreign exchange rates; and terrorist attacks. These events and others, such as fluctuations in travel and energy costs, supply 
chain disruptions and malware and other cyber-related attacks or intrusions or other widespread computing, 
telecommunications or payment processing failures, from time to time have disrupted, and may in the future disrupt, our ability 
to provide our products and services or in certain instances may affect our ability to obtain insurance coverage with respect to 
some of these events. An incident or other event that affected our property directly, including a security incident, earthquake or 
hurricane, would have a direct impact on our ability to provide goods and services and could result in closure of impacted 
operations or have an extended effect of discouraging consumers from attending our facilities. Moreover, the costs of protecting 
against such incidents reduces the profitability of our operations.
For example, COVID-19 and measures to prevent its spread impacted our businesses in a number of ways, including the 
closure of our theme parks and resorts, suspension of cruise ship sailings and guided tours, delayed, or in some cases, shortened 
or canceled, theatrical releases and disruptions in the production and availability of content, significantly reducing revenues 
across all of our segments. Certain of our business operations have been temporarily disrupted by payment processing outages 
and widespread computing failures. Hurricanes, such as Hurricanes Helene and Milton, which in the case of Hurricane Milton 
caused Walt Disney World Resort theme parks in Florida to close for one full and partial day, have impacted the operations and 
profitability of Walt Disney World Resort and may do so in the future. The Company has paused certain operations in certain 
regions, including in response to sanctions, trade restrictions and related developments and the profitability of certain operations 
has been impacted as a result of events in the corresponding regions.
In addition, we derive affiliate fees and royalties from the distribution of our programming, sales of our licensed goods 
and services by third parties, and the management of businesses operated under brands licensed from the Company, and we are 
therefore dependent on the successes of those third parties for that portion of our revenue. The profitability of one or more of 
our businesses could be adversely impacted by the significant contraction of distribution channels for our products and services, 
19

including through third-party licensees or sellers of our licensed goods and services. In addition, third-party suppliers provide 
products and services essential to the operation of a number of our businesses. A wide variety of factors could influence the 
success of those third parties and if negative factors significantly impacted a sufficient number of those third parties or 
materially impacted a supplier of a significant product or service, the profitability of one or more of our businesses could be 
adversely affected. In specific geographic markets, we have experienced delayed and/or partial payments from certain third 
parties due to liquidity issues.
We obtain insurance against the risk of losses relating to some of these events, generally including certain physical 
damage to our property and resulting business interruption, certain injuries occurring on our property and some liabilities for 
alleged breach of legal responsibilities. When insurance is obtained it is subject to deductibles, exclusions, terms, conditions 
and limits of liability. The types and levels of coverage we obtain vary from time to time depending on our view of the 
likelihood of specific types and levels of loss in relation to the cost of obtaining coverage for such types and levels of loss and 
we experience losses not covered by our insurance, which could be material.
We face risks related to changes in our business strategy, which have affected and may continue to affect our cost 
structure, the profitability of our businesses and/or the value of our assets.
We adjust our business strategies from time to time in connection with changes in senior management and in our efforts to 
respond to changes in technology, consumer purchasing and consumption patterns, acceptance of our entertainment offerings, 
the market for advertising, macroeconomic conditions and other changes in the business environment. For example, in fiscal 
2024, we announced entering into a definitive agreement to transfer Star India into a joint venture and related impairment 
charges; in fiscal 2023, we reorganized our media and entertainment operations, which had been previously reported in one 
segment, into two segments, Entertainment and Sports; in fiscal 2023 we announced that we would review content, primarily on 
our DTC services, for alignment with a strategic change in our approach to content curation, resulting in removal of certain 
content from our platforms and related impairment charges; in fiscal 2022, we announced plans to introduce an ad-supported 
Disney+ service, new pricing model and price increases and cost realignment; and we have announced exploration of a number 
of new types of businesses. Changes in strategy, such as was the case with the most recent reorganization of our media and 
entertainment operations, can lead to workforce disruptions. Our new business strategies are, among other things, subject to 
execution risk and may not produce the anticipated benefits, such as supporting our growth strategies and enhancing 
shareholder value. For example, notwithstanding our continuing efforts to rationalize costs, the cost of executing on our DTC 
strategy may continue to grow or be reduced more slowly than anticipated, which may impact our distribution strategy across 
businesses/distribution platforms, the types of content we distribute through various businesses/distribution platforms, the 
timing and sequencing of content windows and ultimately, the profitability of our DTC products and other businesses/
distribution platforms. Over the long term, our new organization and strategies could be less successful than our previous 
organizational structure and strategies. 
In addition, changing technology, consumer purchasing patterns and acceptance of content offerings and macroeconomic 
conditions may impair the value of our assets. We incur costs in connection with changes to our business strategy and have 
needed and may in the future need to write-down the value of our assets. Among other assets, we have impaired the value of 
our content primarily at our DTC services and goodwill and intangible assets at our linear networks and impaired the value of 
certain of our retail store assets. We may write down other assets as our strategy evolves to account for the business 
environment. 
We also make investments in existing or new businesses, including investments in international expansion of our business 
and in new business lines. For example, in fiscal 2024, we announced plans for additional expansion of our fleet of cruise ships, 
and in recent years to expand investment in our Experiences segment. In addition, in recent years, we have made significant 
investments in our businesses, such as expansion and renovation of certain of our theme parks, additional cruise ships, the 
acquisition of TFCF Corporation (TFCF) and investments related to DTC offerings. The ultimate success of these investments 
is uncertain, some of these and future investments may ultimately result in returns that are negative or lower than anticipated, 
and these investments may impact the resources available to, and the profitability of, our other businesses. In addition, our costs 
increase in connection with these investments, such as additional expenses incurred with the launch on new cruise ships, and we 
may have significant charges associated with the write-down of assets if the investments are not as successful as anticipated, as 
occurred in connection with the closure of Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser. Even if our strategies are effective in the long term, 
our new offerings will generally not be profitable in the short term, results of our new offerings are unlikely to be even quarter 
over quarter and we may not expand into new markets as or when anticipated. Our ability to forecast for new businesses is 
impacted by our lack of experience operating in those new businesses, speed with which the competitive landscape changes, 
volatility beyond our control (such as the events beyond our control noted above) and our ability to obtain or develop the 
content and rights on which our projections are based. Accordingly, we may not achieve our forecasted outcomes.
20

no assurance that revenues from programming based on these rights will exceed the cost of the rights plus the other costs of 
producing and distributing the programming.
We face risks related to environmental, social and governance matters and any related reporting obligations.
U.S. and international regulators, investors and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and 
governance matters. For example, new domestic and international laws and regulations relating to environmental, social and 
governance matters, including environmental sustainability, climate change, human rights and human capital management, have 
been adopted or are under consideration, some of which include specific, target-driven disclosure requirements or obligations. 
Our response has increased our compliance costs, including from increased investment in technology and appropriate expertise 
and required the implementation of new reporting processes, entailing additional compliance risk. 
In addition, we have undertaken or announced a number of related actions and goals, which will require changes to 
operations and ongoing investment. There is no assurance that our initiatives will achieve their intended outcomes or that we 
will achieve any of these goals. Consumer, government and other stakeholder perceptions of our initiatives often differ widely 
and present risks to our reputation and brands. In addition, our ability to implement some initiatives or achieve some goals is 
dependent on external factors. For example, our ability to meet certain environmental sustainability goals or initiatives will 
depend in part on third-party collaboration, the availability of suppliers that can satisfy new requirements, mitigation 
innovations and/or the availability of economically feasible solutions at scale.
We face risks related to damage to our reputation or brands.
Our reputation and globally recognizable brands are integral to the success of our businesses. Because our brands engage 
consumers across our businesses, some types of damage to our reputation or brands have an impact on all of our businesses. 
Because some of our brands are globally recognized, some types of brand damage are not locally contained. Maintenance of the 
reputation of our Company and brands depends on many factors, including the quality of our offerings, maintenance of trust 
with our customers and our ability to successfully innovate. In addition, we may pursue brand or product integration combining 
previously separate brands or products targeting different audiences under one brand or pursue other business initiatives 
inconsistent with one or more of our brands, and there is no assurance that these initiatives will be accepted by our customers 
and not adversely impact one or more of our brands. Significant negative claims or publicity regarding the Company or its 
operations, products, management, employees, practices, business partners, business decisions, social responsibility and culture, 
which may be amplified by social media, adversely impact our brands or reputation, even if such claims are untrue. Damage to 
our reputation or brands could impact our sales, business opportunities, profitability, recruiting and valuation of our securities.
Various risks may impact the success of our DTC streaming services.
The success of our DTC strategy and profitability of our DTC streaming services will be impacted by the success of the 
reorganization of our media and entertainment business and the strategic change in our approach to content curation initiated in 
fiscal 2023; our ability to drive subscriber additions and retention based on the attractiveness of our content, manage churn, 
achieve the desired financial impact of our DTC pricing, bundling and distribution determinations, the Disney+ ad supported 
service, monetization and cost containment strategy and the launch of the ESPN flagship DTC service; and the effects of our 
determinations with regard to distribution for our creative content across windows. The initial costs of marketing campaigns are 
generally recognized in the business of initial exploitation, and amortization of capitalized production costs and licensed 
programming rights are generally allocated across businesses based on the estimated relative value of the distribution windows. 
Accordingly, our distribution determinations impact the costs of each business, including the applicable DTC service. There are 
a number of competing DTC businesses. Consumers may not be willing to pay for an expanding set of DTC services at 
increasing prices, potentially exacerbated by challenging economic conditions, such as during periods of high inflation or 
declines in economic activity. In addition, such economic conditions negatively impact the purchase of and price for advertising 
on our DTC streaming services. We face competition for creative talent and sports and other programming rights and are 
sometimes not successful in recruiting and retaining talent and obtaining desired programming rights and face increased costs to 
do so. We have experienced flat subscriber growth or net losses of subscribers in periods. Our content does not always 
successfully attract and retain subscribers in the quantities that we expect. Our content is subject to cost pressures and may cost 
more than we expect. We may not successfully manage our costs to meet our profitability goals. Government regulation, 
including revised foreign content and ownership regulations as well as government-imposed content restrictions, impacts the 
implementation of our DTC business plans. The highly competitive environment in which we operate puts pricing pressure on 
our DTC offerings and may require us to lower our prices or not take price increases to attract or retain customers or lead to 
higher churn rates. These and other risks may impact the profitability and success of our DTC streaming services.
Potential credit ratings actions, increases in interest rates, or volatility in the U.S. and global financial markets could 
impede access to, or increase the cost of, financing our operations and investments.
Our borrowing costs have been and can be affected by short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by nationally recognized 
ratings agencies that are based, in part, on the Company’s performance as measured by credit metrics such as leverage and 
interest coverage ratios. Our elevated indebtedness and leverage ratios in response to the financial impact of COVID-19 on our 
22

and sports advertising revenues are impacted by the timing of sports seasons and events, which varies throughout the 
year and/or take place periodically.
•
Revenues from content sales/licensing fluctuate due to the timing of content releases across various distribution
markets. Release dates and methods are determined by a number of factors, including, among others, competition, and
the timing of vacation and holiday periods.
•
DTC revenues fluctuate based on: changes in the number of subscribers, mix of subscribers to different offerings and
subscriber fees; viewership levels; and the demand for sports and film and television content. Each of these is sensitive
to the availability of content, which varies from time to time throughout the year based on, among other things, sports
seasons, content production schedules and sports league work stoppages.
Accordingly, negative impacts on our business occurring during a time of typical high seasonal demand such as our park 
closures due to hurricane damage during the summer travel season or other high seasons, could have a disproportionate effect 
on the results of that business for the year.
Our operations are impacted by our ability to attract and retain employees and costs of employee wages and health, 
welfare and retirement benefits, including postretirement medical benefits for some employees and retirees, may reduce 
our profitability.
With approximately 233,000 employees, the success of our businesses is substantially affected by our ability to attract and 
retain a workforce with the necessary skills for our varied businesses, including executing successfully on succession planning 
for the talent at all levels necessary to advance the Company’s key objectives and strategies. Further, our profitability is 
substantially affected by labor costs, including wages and our health, welfare and retirement benefits, including the costs of 
medical benefits for current employees and the costs of postretirement medical benefits for some current employees and 
retirees. We may experience significant increases in these costs as a result of macroeconomic, regulatory, competitive and other 
factors. For example, labor costs in our parks and resorts have increased, and we expect will continue to increase, as a result of 
collective bargaining agreements and wage laws and regulations where we operate. Further, certain conditions in the healthcare 
industry, such as prolonged workforce shortages or rising prescription drug prices, may lead to an increase in the cost of 
medical insurance and expenses. In addition, for benefits provided to certain employees, changes in asset values, investment 
returns and discount rates used to calculate pension and postretirement medical expense and related assets and liabilities can be 
volatile and may have an unfavorable impact on our costs in some years. These factors may also increase future funding 
requirements for these benefit plans. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in attracting and retaining the human 
resources necessary for the success of our businesses or in limiting cost increases from wages and other employee benefits, 
which could reduce the profitability of our businesses.
We face risks related to costs and expenses in connection with the acquisition of NBC Universal’s (NBCU) equity 
interest in Hulu and the TFCF acquisition.
On November 1, 2023, NBCU exercised its right to require the Company to purchase NBCU’s equity interest in Hulu 
under a put/call arrangement between the parties. The purchase price for NBCU’s equity interest in Hulu will be determined 
based on NBCU’s equity ownership percentage of the greater of Hulu’s equity fair value as of September 30, 2023 based on a 
contractual appraisal process, and a guaranteed floor value. Further, the Company will share with NBCU 50% of the 
Company’s tax benefit from the purchase of NBCU’s interest in Hulu, which payments are expected to be made primarily over 
a 15-year period. In May 2024, the Company and NBCU entered into a confidential arbitration to resolve a dispute regarding 
the contractual appraisal process, in which the parties seek declaratory relief, equitable relief and unspecified damages (see 
Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). In addition, we may incur significant costs and 
expenses in connection with the TFCF acquisition, including costs for which we have established reserves or which may lead to 
reserves in the future. The cost to purchase NBCU’s equity interest in Hulu and related obligations to NBCU and any such other 
costs could negatively impact the Company’s cash position and result in the Company incurring additional indebtedness.
RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, CYBERSECURITY AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
The success of our businesses is highly dependent on the existence and maintenance of intellectual property rights in the 
entertainment products and services we create.
The value to us of our IP is dependent on the scope and duration of our rights as defined by applicable laws in the U.S. 
and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed. Where those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the 
extent or duration of our rights, or if existing laws are changed, our ability to generate revenue from our IP may decrease, or the 
cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. The terms of some copyrights for IP related to some of our products and 
services have expired, including the copyright term for the short film Steamboat Willie (1928) and early versions of characters 
depicted in this film, and other copyrights will expire in the future. For example, in the United States and countries that look to 
the United States copyright term when shorter than their own, the copyright term for early works and the specific early versions 
of characters depicted in those works expires at the end of the 95th calendar year after the date the copyright was originally 
24

secured in the United States. As copyrights expire, we expect that revenues generated from such IP will be negatively impacted 
to some extent.
The unauthorized use of our IP may increase the cost of protecting rights in our IP or reduce our revenues. The 
convergence of computing, communications and entertainment devices, increased broadband internet speed and penetration, 
increased availability and speed of mobile data transmission and increasingly sophisticated attempts to obtain unauthorized 
access to data systems have made the unauthorized digital copying and distribution of our films, television productions and 
other creative works easier and faster and protection and the enforcement of IP rights more challenging. The unauthorized 
distribution and access to entertainment content generally continues to be a significant challenge for IP rights holders. Further, 
the availability of certain AI tools has facilitated the creation of infringing works based on the unauthorized use of our IP. 
Inadequate laws or weak enforcement mechanisms to protect entertainment industry IP in one country can adversely affect the 
results of the Company’s operations worldwide, despite the Company’s efforts to protect its IP rights. Distribution innovations 
have increased opportunities to access content in unauthorized ways. Additionally, negative economic conditions coupled with 
a shift in government priorities could lead to less enforcement. These developments require us to devote substantial resources to 
protecting our IP against unlicensed use and present the risk of increased losses of revenue as a result of unlicensed distribution 
of our content and other commercial misuses of our IP. The legal landscape for some new technologies, including some AI 
tools, remains uncertain, and development of the law in this area could impact our ability to protect against infringing uses.
With respect to IP developed by the Company and rights acquired by the Company from others, the Company is subject to 
the risk of challenges to our copyright, trademark and patent rights by third parties. In addition, the availability of copyright 
protection and other legal protections for IP generated by certain new technologies, such as generative AI, is uncertain. 
Successful challenges to our rights in IP typically result in increased costs for obtaining rights or the loss of the opportunity to 
earn revenue from or utilize the IP that is the subject of challenged rights. From time to time, third parties allege that the 
Company is infringing certain third-party IP rights. Technological changes in industries in which the Company operates and 
extensive patent coverage in those areas increase the risk of such claims being brought and prevailing.
Cybersecurity and other data compromises and/or attempted compromises increase our costs, disrupt our services and 
business plans, lead to the disclosure of our confidential information, including unauthorized use of our intellectual 
property, and negatively impact our reputation.
We maintain information necessary to conduct our business, including confidential and proprietary information as well as 
personal information regarding our customers and employees, in digital form. We also use computer and cloud-based systems 
to deliver our products and services and operate our businesses. Data maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of 
unauthorized access, modification, exfiltration, destruction or denial of access and our systems are subject to cyberattacks that 
from time to time result in disruptions in service. We also use many third-party systems and software, which are also subject to 
supply chain and other cyberattacks. 
We have developed and maintain an information security program to assess, identify and manage cyber risks and the 
continued development and maintenance of this program is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as 
technologies change, including as a result of the proliferation of AI tools, and efforts to overcome security measures become 
more sophisticated. We face an increasingly challenging cybersecurity environment with expanding and evolving threats from a 
variety of potential bad actors. While we employ various tools in an effort to protect our data and systems, certain of our 
defenses remain subject to human error. Remote work by our employees and contractors and those of the third parties with 
whom we engage create additional risks. Despite our efforts, the risk of a potentially material incident as a result of 
unauthorized access, modification, exfiltration, destruction or denial of access with respect to data or systems and other 
cybersecurity attacks cannot be eliminated, and from time to time our systems have been compromised and may in the future be 
compromised. For example, as previously disclosed in the Company’s Form 10-Q for the third quarter of fiscal 2024, in fiscal 
2024 over a terabyte of data from one of the communications systems used by the Company was improperly exfiltrated and 
released. In addition, we provide confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties in certain cases, which 
information and related systems have been compromised and are also subject to the risk of future material compromise. 
If our information or cyber security systems or data are compromised in a material way, our ability to conduct our 
business may be impaired, we may lose profitable opportunities or the value of those opportunities may be diminished and, as 
described above, we may lose revenue as a result of unlicensed use of our intellectual property. We have experienced and may 
in the future experience cybersecurity attacks that result in the misappropriation of personal information of our customers and/
or employees, which may result in reputational damage, loss of business and/or harm to employee morale. Related remediation 
of harm to our customers and employees or damages arising from litigation and/or fines or other actions we take with respect to 
judicial or regulatory actions arising out of an incident create additional costs and/or impacts to our businesses. Insurance does 
not cover all potential losses or damages associated with such attacks or events. Our systems and users and those of third parties 
with whom we engage are continually attacked, sometimes successfully, and there can be no assurance that future incidents will 
not have material adverse effects on our operations or financial results.
25

Regulations applicable to our businesses impact the profitability of our businesses.
Each of our businesses, including our broadcast networks and television stations, is subject to a variety of U.S. and 
international regulations, which impact the operations and profitability of our businesses. Some of these regulations include:
•
U.S. FCC regulation of our television and radio networks, our national programming networks and our owned
television stations. See Item 1 — Federal Communications Commission Regulation.
•
Federal, state and foreign privacy and data protection laws and regulations, including with respect to child safety. See
Item 1 — Privacy and Data Protection Regulation.
•
Regulation of the safety and supply chain of consumer products and theme park operations, including regulation
regarding the sourcing, importation and the sale of goods.
•
Land planning, use and development regulations applicable to our theme parks operations.
•
Environmental protection regulations.
•
U.S. and international anti-corruption laws, sanction programs, trade restrictions, anti-money laundering laws or
currency controls.
•
Restrictions on the manner in which content is currently licensed and distributed, ownership restrictions or film or
television content requirements, investment obligations or quotas. See Item 1 — International Content Regulation.
•
Domestic and international labor laws, tax laws and antitrust laws.
New laws and regulations, as well as changes in any of these current laws and regulations or regulator activities (or, if
applicable, private litigation to enforce such laws and regulations) in any of these areas, or others, may require us to incur 
additional compliance costs, may restrict our ability to execute on our business strategies as planned or offer products and 
services in ways that are profitable, and create an increasingly unpredictable regulatory landscape. In addition, ongoing and 
future developments in international political, trade and security policy may lead to new regulations limiting international trade 
and investment and disrupting our operations outside the U.S., including our international theme parks and resorts operations in 
France, mainland China and Hong Kong. For example, in 2022 the U.S. and other countries implemented a series of sanctions 
against Russia in response to events in Russia and Ukraine; U.S. agencies have enhanced trade restrictions, including new 
prohibitions on the importation of goods from certain regions and other jurisdictions are considering similar measures; and U.S. 
state governments have become more active in passing legislation targeted at specific sectors and companies and applying 
existing laws in novel ways to new technologies, including streaming and online commerce. Further the legal and regulatory 
landscape for certain new technologies, such as AI, is uncertain and evolving and our compliance obligations could increase our 
costs or limit how we may use these technologies in one or more of our businesses.
Our operations outside the U.S. are affected by the operation of laws in those jurisdictions.
Our operations outside the U.S. are in many cases subject to the laws of the jurisdictions in which they operate rather than, 
or in addition to, U.S. law. Laws in some international jurisdictions differ in significant respects from those in the U.S. These 
differences can affect our ability to react to changes in our business, and our rights or ability to enforce rights are sometimes 
different than would be expected under U.S. law. Moreover, enforcement of laws in some international jurisdictions can be 
inconsistent and unpredictable, which can affect both our ability to enforce our rights and to undertake activities that we believe 
are beneficial to our business. In addition, the business and political climate in some jurisdictions may encourage corruption, 
which could reduce our ability to compete successfully in those jurisdictions while remaining in compliance with local laws or 
U.S. anti-corruption laws applicable to our businesses. As a result, our ability to generate revenue and our expenses in non-U.S. 
jurisdictions may differ from what would be expected if U.S. law alone governed these operations.
RISKS RELATED TO OWNERSHIP OF OUR STOCK
The price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile.
The price of our common stock has experienced substantial volatility and may continue to be volatile. Various factors 
have impacted, and may continue to impact, the price of our common stock, including, among others, changes in management; 
variations in our operating results; variations between our actual results and expectations of securities analysts; changes in our 
estimates, guidance or business plans; changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; the activities, 
operating results or stock price of our competitors or other industry participants in the industries in which we operate; the 
announcement or completion of significant transactions by us or a competitor; events affecting the stock market generally; and 
the economic and political conditions in the U.S. and internationally, as well as other factors described in this Item 1A. Some of 
these factors may adversely impact the price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. Further, volatility 
in the price of our common stock may negatively impact one or more of our businesses, including by increasing stock awards 
for our employees who participate in our stock incentive programs or limiting our financing options for acquisitions and other 
business expansion.
26

GENERAL RISKS
The Company’s amended and restated bylaws provide to the fullest extent permitted by law that the Court of Chancery 
of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for certain legal actions between the Company and its stockholders, 
which could increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit the ability of the Company’s stockholders to 
bring a claim in a judicial forum viewed by the stockholders as more favorable for disputes with the Company or the 
Company’s directors, officers or other employees.
The Company’s amended and restated bylaws provide to the fullest extent permitted by law that unless the Company 
consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and 
exclusive forum for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action or proceeding 
asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or stockholder of the Company to 
the Company or the Company’s stockholders, (iii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim arising pursuant to, or seeking to 
enforce any right, obligation or remedy under, any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the 
“DGCL”), the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time), (iv) any action or 
proceeding as to which the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of 
the State of Delaware, (v) or any action or proceeding asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The choice of 
forum provision may increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a 
judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or the Company’s directors, officers or other employees, 
which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company or the Company’s directors, officers and other employees. 
Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in the Company’s amended and restated bylaws to 
be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the Company may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in 
other jurisdictions. The exclusive forum provision in the Company’s amended and restated bylaws will not preclude or contract 
the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for actions brought under the federal securities laws including the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the respective rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder.
ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
The Company has received no written comments regarding its periodic or current reports from the staff of the SEC that 
were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of fiscal 2024 that remain unresolved.
ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy
We have implemented processes for assessing, identifying and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats as part 
of our overall risk management program. Our cybersecurity program is informed by the National Institute of Standards and 
Technology Cybersecurity Framework as well as other globally recognized standards. We use a layered defense model, 
incorporating a wide range of technologies and practices in an effort to prevent, detect and mitigate threats. These measures 
include intrusion detection and prevention systems, multi-factor authentication, encryption and endpoint protection tools. We 
also implement threat detection and response solutions. To address emerging threats, we employ automated monitoring, 
vulnerability scans and patch management processes. Regular assessments, such as penetration tests, security audits and table-
top exercises, are conducted to identify vulnerabilities and promote incident response and risk mitigation. We also provide 
privacy and information security trainings for our employees on a recurring basis. From time to time, we engage assessors, 
consultants and other third parties to assist with assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risks, including assisting us 
to conduct some of the foregoing assessments. Our cybersecurity risk management processes also are informed by intelligence 
received from recognized cybersecurity industry experts and other third-party sources, and as appropriate we engage outside 
counsel to advise on regulatory compliance and other cybersecurity risk management efforts.
In addition, we have processes designed to oversee and identify cybersecurity risks associated with our use of third-party 
service providers. Where appropriate based on the data and intellectual property to which these providers are reasonably 
expected to have access, we conduct security assessments and due diligence reviews of third-party systems for compliance with 
our security standards, and we include data protection language in our agreements with these third parties.
Further, as part of our cybersecurity risk management processes, we maintain an incident response plan (IRP) that 
establishes a set of procedures for reporting and handling cybersecurity events. The IRP delegates to an internal incident 
response team the initial assessment, investigation and remediation of the event and includes, among other procedures, 
guidelines for escalation to senior management and engagement with law enforcement. In certain instances, events are escalated 
to the Cybersecurity Incident Disclosure Subcommittee, which is a subcommittee of the Company’s Risk Management 
Committee (RMC) (discussed further below) and is responsible for, among other things, the accurate and timely disclosure of 
27

material cybersecurity incidents under the federal securities laws, including making the materiality determination and approving 
related securities disclosures.
As discussed in further detail in Item 1A – Risk Factors, the Company faces an increasingly challenging cybersecurity 
environment, and from time to time the persistent efforts of bad actors to gain unauthorized access to our and our service 
providers’ information systems and our confidential and proprietary information are successful. In fiscal 2024, we did not 
identify any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business 
strategy, results of operations or financial condition. However, despite our efforts, we cannot eliminate all risks from 
cybersecurity threats or provide assurances that we have not experienced undetected cybersecurity incidents or will not discover 
additional information about previously detected events.
Governance
The Company’s Board of Directors has delegated to the Audit Committee oversight responsibility for information 
technology risks, including cybersecurity and data security risks and mitigation strategies. The Audit Committee at least 
annually receives reports from the Senior Vice President, Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) concerning the Company’s 
cybersecurity and data security risks, including ongoing efforts to prevent, detect, monitor, remediate and manage such 
cybersecurity threats, the threat environment, incident updates and emerging cybersecurity practices and technologies. The 
Chair of the Audit Committee reports on its discussion, including concerning cybersecurity matters, to the full Board. In 
addition, from time to time, senior management briefs the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee Chair and the Board on 
cybersecurity matters potentially of interest, including cybersecurity events, regulatory disclosures and regulatory trends. 
Day-to-day management of our information security strategy and operations is currently the responsibility of our CISO, 
who reports into our Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining the Company, our CISO held senior leadership roles in various 
other organizations, including as CISO for a publicly traded, global retailer and as a consultant advising organizations on 
information security strategy, and as a Special Agent with the U.S. Secret Service focusing on electronic crimes. That 
experience is supplemented by the collective experience and expertise of our dedicated internal teams of cybersecurity 
personnel.   
In addition, the Company’s RMC, a management level committee that includes, among others, the Chief Financial Officer 
and Chief Legal and Compliance Officer, oversees and supports the Company’s ongoing efforts to identify, assess and 
prioritize, manage and monitor the Company’s enterprise risks, including risks related to privacy and cybersecurity, and 
periodically reports certain discussions to the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Audit Committee. The RMC’s 
Cybersecurity Incident Disclosure Subcommittee, whose members include the members of the RMC, the CISO and lead 
securities counsel, is tasked with assessing significant events for materiality, related timely and accurate disclosure under the 
securities laws and, as appropriate, escalating such events to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors.
ITEM 2. Properties
Our parks and resorts locations and other properties of the Company and its subsidiaries are described in Item 1 under the 
caption Experiences. Film and television library properties and television stations owned by the Company are described in 
Item 1 under the caption Entertainment.
28

The Company and its subsidiaries own and lease properties throughout the world. In addition to the properties noted 
above, the table below provides a brief description of other significant properties and the related business segment.
Location
Property /
Approximate Size
Use
Business Segment
Burbank, CA & surrounding 
cities(1)
Land (201 acres) & Buildings 
(4,733,000 ft2)
Owned Office/Production/
Warehouse (includes 240,000 ft2 
leased to third-party tenants)
Corporate/Entertainment/
Experiences
Burbank, CA & surrounding 
cities(1)
Buildings (1,760,000 ft2)
Leased Office/Warehouse
Corporate/Entertainment/
Experiences
Los Angeles, CA
Land (22 acres) & Buildings 
(599,000 ft2)
Owned Office/Production/Technical 
Warehouse 
Corporate/Entertainment
Los Angeles, CA
Buildings (2,434,000 ft2)
Leased Office/Production/
Technical/Theater
Corporate/Entertainment/
Experiences
New York, NY
Buildings (1,104,000 ft2)
Owned Office
Corporate/Entertainment/
Sports
New York, NY
Buildings (2,202,000 ft2)
Leased Office/Production/Theater/
Warehouse (includes 696,000 ft2 
leased to third-party tenants)
Corporate/Entertainment/
Experiences/Sports
Bristol, CT
Land (117 acres) & Buildings 
(1,078,000 ft2)
Owned Office/Production/Technical 
Sports
Bristol, CT
Buildings (273,000 ft2)
Leased Office/Warehouse/Technical 
Sports
Emeryville, CA
Land (20 acres) & Buildings 
(430,000 ft2)
Owned Office/Production/Technical
Entertainment
Emeryville, CA
Buildings (94,000 ft2)
Leased Office/Storage
Entertainment
San Francisco, CA
Buildings (536,000 ft2)
Leased Office/Production/
Technical/Theater (includes 47,000 
ft2 leased to third-party tenants)
Corporate/Entertainment
USA & Canada
Land and Buildings (Multiple 
sites and sizes)
Owned and Leased Office/ 
Production/Transmitter/Theaters/
Warehouse
Corporate/Entertainment/
Experiences
Europe, Asia, Australia & 
Latin America
Buildings (Multiple sites and 
sizes)
Leased Office/Warehouse/Retail/
Residential
Entertainment/Experiences
(1) Surrounding cities include Glendale, CA, North Hollywood, CA and Sun Valley, CA
ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings
As disclosed in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company is engaged in certain legal matters, and 
the disclosure set forth in Note 14 relating to certain legal matters is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Information About Our Executive Officers
The executive officers of the Company are elected each year at the organizational meeting of the Board of Directors, 
which follows the annual meeting of the shareholders, and at other Board of Directors meetings, as appropriate. Each of the 
executive officers has been employed by the Company in the position or positions indicated in the list and pertinent notes 
below.
29

The executive officers of the Company are:
Name
Age
Title
Executive
Officer Since
Robert A. Iger
73
Chief Executive Officer(1)
2022
Hugh F. Johnston
63
Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer(2)
2023
Horacio E. Gutierrez
59
Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Compliance 
Officer(3)
2022
Sonia L. Coleman
52
Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer(4)
2023
Kristina K. Schake
54
Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer(5)
2022
(1) Mr. Iger was appointed Chief Executive Officer effective November 20, 2022. He also serves as a director on the
Board of Directors from November 20, 2022. He previously served as Executive Chairman of the Company from
February 2020 through December 2021 and as Chief Executive Officer of the Company from September 2005 to
February 2020. He served as Chairman of the Board of Directors from 2012 to 2021.
(2) Mr. Johnston was appointed Chief Financial Officer effective December 4, 2023. Prior to joining the Company, he
served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, from 2010, and Vice Chairman, from 2015 to
November 2023 of PepsiCo, Inc. (“PepsiCo”). His portfolio included a variety of responsibilities, including leadership
of PepsiCo’s information technology function from 2015, PepsiCo’s global e-commerce business from 2015 to 2019,
and the Quaker Foods North America division from 2014 to 2016. He also held a number of other leadership roles
during his PepsiCo career, having served as Executive Vice President, Global Operations from 2009 to 2010, President
of Pepsi-Cola North America from 2007 to 2009, Executive Vice President, Operations from 2006 to 2007 and Senior
Vice President, Transformation from 2005 to 2006. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of PepsiCo Beverages and Foods from 2002 through 2005, and as PepsiCo’s Senior Vice President
of Mergers and Acquisitions in 2002. He joined PepsiCo in 1987 as a Business Planner and held various finance
positions until 1999 when he left to join Merck & Co., Inc. as Vice President, Retail, a position which he held until he
rejoined PepsiCo in 2002. Mr. Johnston serves on the board of directors of Microsoft Corporation, which he joined in
2017, and on the board of HCA Healthcare, Inc., which he joined in 2021.
(3) Mr. Gutierrez was appointed Senior Executive Vice President and General Counsel effective February 1, 2022,
appointed Senior Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer effective March 27, 2023
and appointed Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Compliance Officer effective December 21, 2023.
Prior to joining the Company, he served as Head of Global Affairs and Chief Legal Officer for Spotify Technology
S.A. (Spotify) from November 2019 to January 2022, where he led a global, multi-disciplinary team of business,
corporate communications and public affairs, government relations, licensing, operations and legal professionals
responsible for the company’s work in areas including industry relations, content partnerships, public policy, and trust
& safety. He was previously Spotify’s General Counsel - Vice President, Business & Legal Affairs from April 2016 to
November 2019.
(4) Ms. Coleman was appointed Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer effective April 8,
2023. She was previously Senior Vice President, Human Resources at Disney General Entertainment and ESPN from
August 2021. Ms. Coleman served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources for Disney General Entertainment
from April 2017, Vice President, Human Resources for the Company from May 2016 and Vice President, Human
Resources, Disney Consumer Products from May 2010.
(5) Ms. Schake was appointed Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Communications Officer effective June 29,
2022. Previously, she served as Executive Vice President, Global Communications from April 2022. Prior to joining
the Company, she was appointed by the President of the United States as Counselor for Strategic Communications to
the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, leading a nationwide public education campaign
from March 2021 to December 2021. Prior to that, she served as Global Communications Director for Instagram, a
product of Meta Platforms, Inc., from March 2017 to March 2019, where she oversaw the communications teams in
North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia.
30

PART II
ITEM 5. Market for the Company’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity 
Securities
The Company’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “DIS”.
See Note 11 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of the Company’s dividends in fiscal 2024.
As of September 28, 2024, the approximate number of common shareholders of record was 734,000.
The following table provides information about Company purchases of equity securities that are registered by the 
Company pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended September 28, 2024:
Period
Total
Number of
Shares
Purchased
Average
Price Paid
per Share(1)
Total Number
of Shares 
Purchased as
Part of Publicly
Announced
Plans or
Programs
Maximum 
Number of 
Shares that 
May Yet Be 
Purchased 
Under the 
Plans or 
Programs(2)
June 30, 2024 – July 31, 2024
2,732,000 
$ 
94.70 
2,732,000 
374 million
August 1, 2024 – August 31, 2024
1,536,500 
89.18 
1,536,500 
372 million
September 1, 2024 – September 28, 2024
742,500 
91.23 
742,500 
372 million
Total
5,011,000 
92.49 
5,011,000 
372 million
(1) Amounts exclude the one percent excise tax on stock repurchases imposed by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022.
(2) Under a share repurchase program implemented effective February 7, 2024, the Company is authorized to repurchase a
total of 400 million shares of its common stock. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date.
ITEM 6. [Reserved]
31

ITEM 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
($ in millions, except per share data)
2024
2023
% Change
Better (Worse)
Revenues:
Services
$ 
81,841 
$ 
79,562 
 3  %
Products
9,520 
9,336 
 2  %
Total revenues
91,361 
88,898 
 3  %
Costs and expenses:
Cost of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)
(52,509) 
(53,139) 
 1  %
Cost of products (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)
(6,189) 
(6,062) 
 (2) %
Selling, general, administrative and other
(15,759) 
(15,336) 
 (3) %
Depreciation and amortization
(4,990) 
(5,369) 
 7  %
Total costs and expenses
(79,447) 
(79,906) 
 1  %
Restructuring and impairment charges
(3,595) 
(3,892) 
 8  %
Other income (expense), net
(65) 
96 
nm
Interest expense, net
(1,260) 
(1,209) 
 (4) %
Equity in the income of investees, net
575 
782 
 (26) %
Income before income taxes
7,569 
4,769 
 59  %
Income taxes
(1,796) 
(1,379) 
 (30) %
Net income
5,773 
3,390 
 70  %
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
(801)
(1,036)
 23  %
Net income attributable to Disney
$ 
4,972 
$ 
2,354 
 >100  %
Diluted earnings per share attributable to Disney
$ 
2.72 
$ 
1.29 
 >100  %
Organization of Information
Management’s Discussion and Analysis provides a narrative on the Company’s financial performance and condition that 
should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements. It includes the following sections:
•
Consolidated Results and Non-Segment Items
•
Business Segment Results
•
Corporate and Unallocated Shared Expenses
•
Liquidity and Capital Resources
•
Developments and Trends
•
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
•
DTC Product Descriptions, Key Definitions and Supplemental Information
•
Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information
In Item 7, we discuss fiscal 2024 and 2023 results and comparisons of fiscal 2024 results to fiscal 2023 results.
Discussions of fiscal 2022 results and comparisons of fiscal 2023 results to fiscal 2022 results can be found in “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of the Company’s Annual Report 
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023.
CONSOLIDATED RESULTS AND NON-SEGMENT ITEMS
Revenues for fiscal 2024 increased 3%, or $2.5 billion, to $91.4 billion; net income attributable to Disney increased $2.6 
billion to income of $5.0 billion compared to $2.4 billion in the prior year; and diluted earnings per share (EPS) from 
continuing operations attributable to Disney increased to $2.72 compared to $1.29 in the prior year. The EPS increase was due 
to higher operating income at Entertainment.
Revenues
Service revenues for fiscal 2024 increased 3%, or $2.3 billion, to $81.8 billion, due to higher subscription revenue, growth 
at our parks and experiences businesses, and, to a lesser extent, higher advertising revenue. These increases were partially offset 
32

Effective Income Tax Rate
($ in millions)
2024
2023
Income before income taxes
$ 
7,569 
$ 
4,769 
Income tax expense 
1,796 
1,379 
Effective income tax rate
 23.7 %
 28.9 %
The decrease in the effective income tax rate in the current year compared to the prior year was due to the recognition of a 
$418 million benefit in the current year related to prior years’ tax matters (Income Tax Reserve Adjustments) and a lower 
foreign effective tax rate. These decreases were partially offset by higher non-tax deductible impairments in the current year 
compared to the prior year. We recognized $2.9 billion of impairments in the current year and $0.7 billion of impairments in the 
prior year that are not tax deductible.
Noncontrolling Interests
($ in millions)
2024
2023
% Change
Better (Worse)
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
$ 
(801)
$
(1,036) 
 23  %
The decrease in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests reflected the comparison to the accretion of NBCU’s 
interest in Hulu and Major League Baseball’s interest in BAMTech LLC as well as lower results at our National Geographic 
business. These decreases were partially offset by improved results at Hong Kong Disneyland Resort. We had accreted to the 
redemption value for BAMTech LLC by November 2022 and to the guaranteed floor payment for Hulu by December 2023.
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests is determined on income after royalties and management fees, 
financing costs and income taxes, as applicable.
Certain Items Impacting Results in the Year
Results for fiscal 2024 were impacted by the following:
•
Restructuring and impairment charges of $3,595 million
•
TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization of $1,677 million
•
Other expense of $65 million related to a legal ruling
•
Income Tax Reserve Adjustments of $418 million
Results for fiscal 2023 were impacted by the following:
•
Restructuring and impairment charges of $3,892 million
•
TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization of $1,998 million
•
Other income, net of $96 million, primarily due to the DraftKings gain ($169 million), partially offset by a charge
related to a legal ruling ($101 million)
34

Depreciation and amortization
Depreciation and amortization decreased $210 million from $2,789 million to $2,579 million, due to the comparison to 
depreciation in the prior year related to the closure of Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser.
Operating Income from Experiences
Segment operating income increased $318 million, from $8,954 million to $9,272 million primarily due to growth at 
international parks and experiences.
Supplemental revenue and operating income
The following table presents supplemental revenue and operating income detail for the Experiences segment:
% Change
Better (Worse)
($ in millions)
2024
2023
Supplemental revenue detail
Parks & Experiences
Domestic
$ 
23,596 
$ 
22,677 
 4  %
International
6,183 
5,475 
 13  %
Consumer Products
4,372 
4,397 
 (1) %
$ 
34,151 
$ 
32,549 
 5  %
Supplemental operating income detail
Parks & Experiences
Domestic
$ 
5,878 
$ 
5,876 
 —  %
International
1,354 
1,104 
 23  %
Consumer Products
2,040 
1,974 
 3  %
$ 
9,272 
$ 
8,954 
 4  %
Items Excluded from Segment Operating Income Related to Experiences
The following table presents supplemental information for items related to Experiences that are excluded from segment 
operating income:
% Change
Better (Worse)
($ in millions)
2024
2023
Restructuring and impairment charges(1)
$ 
(331)
$
(25)
 >(100) %
Charge related to a legal ruling
(65)
(101)
 36  %
TFCF acquisition amortization
(7)
(8)
 13  %
(1) Charges for the current year were due to an impairment of assets at our retail business.
CORPORATE AND UNALLOCATED SHARED EXPENSES
Corporate and unallocated shared expenses are as follows:
($ in millions)
2024
2023
% Change
Better (Worse)
Corporate and unallocated shared expenses
$ 
(1,435) 
$ 
(1,147) 
 (25) %
The increase in corporate and unallocated shared expenses was primarily due to higher labor costs, increases in 
professional services and costs related to our proxy solicitation.
47

The Company’s production and programming activity for fiscal 2024 and 2023 are as follows:
($ in millions)
2024
2023
Beginning balances:
Production and programming assets
$ 
36,593 
$ 
37,667 
Programming liabilities
(3,792) 
(3,940) 
32,801 
33,727 
Spending:
Licensed programming and rights
13,619 
14,851 
Produced content
9,816 
12,323 
23,435 
27,174 
Amortization:
Licensed programming and rights
(14,027) 
(13,405) 
Produced content
(10,454) 
(11,861) 
(24,481) 
(25,266) 
Change in production and programming costs
(1,046) 
1,908 
Content impairment
(187)
(2,266)
Produced and licensed content reclassified to assets held for sale
(1,084) 
— 
Other non-cash activity
233 
(568) 
Ending balances:
Production and programming assets
34,409 
36,593 
Programming liabilities
(3,692) 
(3,792) 
$ 
30,717 
$ 
32,801 
The Company currently expects its fiscal 2025 spend on produced and licensed content to be approximately $24 billion 
including sports rights but excluding Star India.  See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information 
regarding the Company’s contractual commitments to acquire sports and broadcast programming.
Commitments and guarantees
The Company has various commitments and guarantees, such as long-term leases, purchase commitments and other 
executory contracts, that are disclosed in the footnotes to the financial statements. See Notes 14 and 15 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements for further information regarding these commitments.
Legal and Tax Matters
As disclosed in Notes 9 and 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company has exposure for certain tax and 
legal matters.
Investing Activities
Investing activities, which consist principally of investments in parks, resorts and other property and acquisition and 
divestiture activity, for fiscal 2024 and 2023 are as follows:
($ in millions)
2024
2023
Entertainment
$ 
977 
$ 
1,032 
Sports
10 
15 
Experiences
Domestic
2,710 
2,203 
International
949 
822 
Total Experiences
3,659 
3,025 
Corporate
766 
897 
Total investments in parks, resorts and other property
5,412 
4,969 
Cash used in (provided by) other investing activities, net
1,469 
(328) 
Cash used in investing activities
$ 
6,881 
$ 
4,641 
49

percentage point increase in the assumed discount rate would decrease total benefit expense and the projected benefit obligation 
by approximately $0.2 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively.
To determine the expected long-term rate of return on the plan assets, we consider the current and expected asset 
allocation, as well as historical and expected returns on each plan asset class. Our expected return on plan assets is 7.25%. A 
lower expected rate of return on plan assets will increase pension and postretirement medical expense. A one percentage point 
change in the long-term asset return assumption would impact fiscal 2025 annual expense by approximately $168 million.
Goodwill, Other Intangible Assets, Long-Lived Assets and Investments
The Company is required to test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis 
and if current events or circumstances require, on an interim basis. The Company performs its annual test of goodwill and 
indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment in its fiscal fourth quarter.
Goodwill is allocated to various reporting units, which are an operating segment or one level below the operating 
segment. To test goodwill for impairment, the Company first performs a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely 
than not that the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. If it is, a quantitative assessment is required. 
Alternatively, the Company may bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative impairment test. 
The qualitative assessment requires the consideration of factors such as recent market transactions, macroeconomic 
conditions and changes in projected future cash flows of the reporting unit. 
The quantitative assessment compares the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, and to the extent the 
carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment of goodwill is recognized for the excess up to the amount of goodwill 
allocated to the reporting unit.
The impairment test for goodwill requires judgment related to the identification of reporting units, determining whether 
reporting units should be aggregated, the assignment of assets and liabilities including goodwill to reporting units, and the 
determination of fair value of the reporting units.
In fiscal 2024, we determined that our entertainment businesses, including DTC services, linear networks, and content 
sales/licensing, should be aggregated into a single reporting unit due to their interdependencies, including shared operating 
costs such as content, marketing, and technology, the similarity of products and services delivered, customers served and 
distribution channels used, and projected long term financial performance (e.g., operating margins).
For our annual impairment test, we bypassed the qualitative test and performed a quantitative assessment of goodwill for 
impairment.
To determine the fair value of our reporting units, we generally use a present value technique (discounted cash flows) 
corroborated by market multiples when available and as appropriate. The discounted cash flow analyses are sensitive to our 
estimated projected future cash flows as well as the discount rates used to calculate their present value. Our future cash flows 
are based on internal forecasts for each reporting unit, which consider projected inflation and other economic indicators, as well 
as industry growth projections. Discount rates are determined based on the inherent risks of the underlying operations.
Significant judgments and assumptions in the discounted cash flow model used to determine fair value relate to future 
revenues and certain operating expenses, operating margins, terminal growth rates and discount rates. We believe our estimates 
are consistent with how a marketplace participant would value our businesses. Changes to these assumptions and shifts in 
market trends or macroeconomic events could impact test results in the future. 
As discussed in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, in the second and fourth quarters of fiscal 2024, the 
Company recorded non-cash goodwill impairment charges of $0.7 billion and $0.6 billion, respectively, related to our 
entertainment linear networks reporting unit prior to aggregating all of our entertainment reporting units into a single reporting 
unit in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. The carrying amount of the aggregated entertainment reporting unit goodwill after these 
impairments is approximately $51 billion.
After the impairments, the fair value of the entertainment reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount by less than 10%. An 
approximate 40 basis point increase in the discount rate or an approximate 6% reduction in projected annual cash flows used to 
determine the fair value of the entertainment reporting unit would effectively eliminate the excess fair value over carrying 
amount.
To test other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, the Company first performs a qualitative assessment to 
determine if it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of each of its indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds its fair 
value. If it is, a quantitative assessment is required. Alternatively, the Company may bypass the qualitative assessment and 
perform a quantitative impairment test. 
53

The qualitative assessment requires the consideration of factors such as recent market transactions, macroeconomic 
conditions and changes in projected future cash flows. 
The quantitative assessment compares the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying amount. If the 
carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess. 
Fair values of indefinite-lived intangible assets are determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, as 
appropriate.
The Company tests long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes 
in circumstances (triggering events) indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Once a triggering event has 
occurred, the impairment test employed is based on whether the Company’s intent is to hold the asset for continued use or to 
hold the asset for sale. The impairment test for assets held for use requires a comparison of the estimated undiscounted future 
cash flows expected to be generated over the useful life of the significant assets of an asset group to the carrying amount of the 
asset group. An asset group is generally established by identifying the lowest level of cash flows generated by a group of assets 
that are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and could include assets used across multiple businesses. If the 
carrying amount of an asset group exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment would be measured as 
the difference between the fair value of the asset group and the carrying amount of the asset group. For assets held for sale, to 
the extent the carrying amount is greater than the asset’s fair value less costs to sell, an impairment loss is recognized for the 
difference. Determining whether a long-lived asset is impaired requires various estimates and assumptions, including whether a 
triggering event has occurred, the identification of asset groups, estimates of future cash flows and the discount rate used to 
determine fair values.
As discussed in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company recorded $1.5 billion of non-cash 
impairment charges related to the Star India Transaction in fiscal 2024 to reflect Star India at its estimated fair value less costs 
to sell. 
The Company has investments in equity securities. For equity securities that do not have a readily determinable fair value, 
we consider forecasted financial performance of the investee companies, as well as volatility inherent in the external markets 
for these investments. If these forecasts are not met, impairment charges may be recorded. 
The Company tested its indefinite-lived intangible assets, long-lived assets and investments for impairment and recorded 
non-cash impairment charges of $0.7 billion and $2.3 billion in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. The fiscal 2024 charges 
related to impairments of retail assets, content assets, and equity investments. The fiscal 2023 charges primarily related to 
content impairments resulting from a strategic change in our approach to content curation. See Note 18 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements for additional information. 
Allowance for Credit Losses
We evaluate our allowance for credit losses and estimate collectability of accounts receivable based on historical bad debt 
experience, our assessment of the financial condition of individual companies with which we do business, current market 
conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions. In times of economic turmoil our estimates 
and judgments with respect to the collectability of our receivables are subject to greater uncertainty than in more stable periods. 
If our estimate of uncollectible accounts is too low, costs and expenses may increase in future periods, and if it is too high, costs 
and expenses may decrease in future periods. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion.
Contingencies and Litigation
We are currently involved in certain legal proceedings and, as required, have accrued estimates of the probable and 
estimable losses for the resolution of these proceedings. These estimates are based upon an analysis of potential results, 
assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies and have been developed in consultation with outside counsel as 
appropriate. From time to time, we are also involved in other contingent matters for which we accrue estimates for a probable 
and estimable loss. It is possible, however, that future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could 
be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies related to legal proceedings or our 
assumptions regarding other contingent matters. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on 
litigation exposure.
Income Tax
As a matter of course, the Company is regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. From time to time, 
these audits result in proposed assessments. Our determinations regarding the recognition of income tax benefits are made in 
consultation with outside tax and legal counsel, where appropriate, and are based upon the technical merits of our tax positions 
in consideration of applicable tax statutes and related interpretations and precedents and upon the expected outcome of 
proceedings (or negotiations) with taxing and legal authorities. The tax benefits ultimately realized by the Company may differ 
from those recognized in our future financial statements based on a number of factors, including the Company’s decision to 
54

settle rather than litigate a matter, relevant legal precedent related to similar matters and the Company’s success in supporting 
its filing positions with taxing authorities. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion.
New Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements.
DTC PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS,  KEY DEFINITIONS AND SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION
Product Offerings
In the U.S., Disney+, ESPN+ and Hulu SVOD Only are each offered as a standalone service or as part of various multi-
product offerings. Hulu Live TV + SVOD includes Disney+ and ESPN+. Disney+ is available in more than 150 countries and 
territories outside the U.S. and Canada. In India and certain other Southeast Asian countries, the service is branded Disney+ 
Hotstar. In certain Latin American countries prior to July 2024, we offered Disney+ as well as Star+, a general entertainment 
SVOD service, which was available on a standalone basis or together with Disney+ (Combo+). At the end of June 2024, we 
merged these services into a single Disney+ product offering. Depending on the market, our services can be purchased on our 
websites or through third-party platforms/apps or are available via wholesale arrangements.  
Paid Subscribers
Paid subscribers reflect subscribers for which we recognized subscription revenue. Certain product offerings provide the 
option for an extra member to be added to an account (extra member add-on). These extra members are not counted as paid 
subscribers. Subscribers cease to be a paid subscriber as of their effective cancellation date or as a result of a failed payment 
method. Subscribers to multi-product offerings in the U.S. are counted as a paid subscriber for each of the Company's services 
included in the multi-product offering and subscribers to Hulu Live TV + SVOD are counted as one paid subscriber for each of 
the Hulu Live TV + SVOD, Disney+ and ESPN+ services. In Latin America prior to July 2024, if a subscriber had either the 
standalone Disney+ or Star+ service or subscribed to Combo+, the subscriber was counted as one Disney+ paid subscriber. 
Subscribers include those who receive an entitlement to a service through wholesale arrangements, including those for which 
the service is available to each subscriber of an existing content distribution tier. When we aggregate the total number of paid 
subscribers across our DTC streaming services, we refer to them as paid subscriptions.
International Disney+ (excluding Disney+ Hotstar)
 International Disney+ (excluding Disney+ Hotstar) includes the Disney+ service outside the U.S. and Canada.
Average Monthly Revenue Per Paid Subscriber
Hulu and ESPN+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber is calculated based on the average of the monthly average 
paid subscribers for each month in the period. The monthly average paid subscribers is calculated as the sum of the beginning 
of the month and end of the month paid subscriber count, divided by two. Disney+ average monthly revenue per paid subscriber 
is calculated using a daily average of paid subscribers for the period. Revenue includes subscription fees, advertising (excluding 
revenue earned from selling advertising spots to other Company businesses), premium and feature add-on revenue and extra 
member add-on revenue but excludes Pay-Per-View revenue. Advertising revenue generated by content on one DTC streaming 
service that is accessed through another DTC streaming service by subscribers to both streaming services is allocated between 
both streaming services. The average revenue per paid subscriber is net of discounts on offerings that carry more than one 
service. Revenue is allocated to each service based on the relative retail or wholesale price of each service on a standalone 
basis. Hulu Live TV + SVOD revenue is allocated to the SVOD services based on the wholesale price of the Hulu SVOD Only, 
Disney+ and ESPN+ multi-product offering. In general, wholesale arrangements have a lower average monthly revenue per 
paid subscriber than subscribers that we acquire directly or through third-party platforms.
55

Supplemental information about paid subscribers(1):
(in millions)
September 28,
2024
September 30,
2023
Domestic (U.S. and Canada) standalone
59.6 
55.5 
Domestic (U.S. and Canada) multi-product(1)
27.1 
22.6 
Domestic (U.S. and Canada)(2)
86.7 
78.1 
International(3)(4)
66.7 
66.1 
Total(2)
153.4 
144.2 
(1) At September 28, 2024, there were 19.7 million and 7.4 million subscribers to multi-product offerings with two and
three of the Company’s services, respectively. At September 30, 2023, there were 20.3 million and 2.3 million
subscribers to multi-product offerings with two and three of the Company’s services, respectively.
(2) Total may not equal the sum of the column due to rounding.
(3) Disney+ Hotstar is not included in any of the Company’s multi-product offerings.
(4) The services within the Combo+ multi-product offering were merged into a single Disney+ product offering in fiscal
2024. The Combo+ subscribers at September 30, 2023 were 10.8 million.
SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION
On March 20, 2019, as part of the acquisition of TFCF, The Walt Disney Company (“TWDC”) became the ultimate 
parent of TWDC Enterprises 18 Corp. (formerly known as The Walt Disney Company) (“Legacy Disney”). Legacy Disney and 
TWDC are collectively referred to as “Obligor Group”, and individually, as a “Guarantor”. Concurrent with the close of the 
TFCF acquisition, $16.8 billion of TFCF’s assumed public debt (which then constituted 96% of such debt) was exchanged for 
senior notes of TWDC (the “exchange notes”) issued pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), pursuant to an Indenture, dated as of March 20, 2019, between TWDC, Legacy 
Disney, as guarantor, and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (the “TWDC Indenture”) and guaranteed by Legacy Disney. On November 
26, 2019, $14.0 billion of the outstanding exchange notes were exchanged for new senior notes of TWDC registered under the 
Securities Act, issued pursuant to the TWDC Indenture and guaranteed by Legacy Disney. In addition, contemporaneously with 
the closing of the March 20, 2019 exchange offer, TWDC entered into a guarantee of the registered debt securities issued by 
Legacy Disney under the Indenture dated as of September 24, 2001 between Legacy Disney and Wells Fargo Bank, National 
Association, as trustee (the “2001 Trustee”) (as amended by the first supplemental indenture among Legacy Disney, as issuer, 
TWDC, as guarantor, and the 2001 Trustee, as trustee).
Other subsidiaries of the Company do not guarantee the registered debt securities of either TWDC or Legacy Disney 
(such subsidiaries are referred to as the “non-Guarantors”). The par value and carrying value of total outstanding and 
guaranteed registered debt securities of the Obligor Group at September 28, 2024 was as follows:
TWDC
Legacy Disney
($ in millions)
Par Value
Carrying 
Value
Par Value
Carrying 
Value
Registered debt with unconditional guarantee
$ 
32,360  $ 
33,148  $ 
8,125  $ 
8,024 
The guarantees by TWDC and Legacy Disney are full and unconditional and cover all payment obligations arising under 
the guaranteed registered debt securities. The guarantees may be released and discharged upon (i) as a general matter, the 
indebtedness for borrowed money of the consolidated subsidiaries of TWDC in aggregate constituting no more than 10% of all 
consolidated indebtedness for borrowed money of TWDC and its subsidiaries (subject to certain exclusions), (ii) upon the sale, 
transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of the equity interests or all or substantially all, or substantially as an entirety, 
the assets of Legacy Disney to a third party, and (iii) other customary events constituting a discharge of a guarantor’s 
obligations. In addition, in the case of Legacy Disney’s guarantee of registered debt securities issued by TWDC, Legacy Disney 
may be released and discharged from its guarantee at any time Legacy Disney is not a borrower, issuer or guarantor under 
certain material bank facilities or any debt securities.
Operations are conducted almost entirely through the Company’s subsidiaries. Accordingly, the Obligor Group’s cash 
flow and ability to service its debt, including the public debt, are dependent upon the earnings of the Company’s subsidiaries 
and the distribution of those earnings to the Obligor Group, whether by dividends, loans or otherwise. Holders of the guaranteed 
registered debt securities have a direct claim only against the Obligor Group.
56

Set forth below are summarized financial information for the Obligor Group on a combined basis after elimination of (i) 
intercompany transactions and balances between TWDC and Legacy Disney and (ii) equity in the earnings from and 
investments in any subsidiary that is a non-Guarantor. This summarized financial information has been prepared and presented 
pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X Rule 13-01, “Financial Disclosures about Guarantors and 
Issuers of Guaranteed Securities” and is not intended to present the financial position or results of operations of the Obligor 
Group in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
Results of operations ($ in millions)
2024
Revenues
$ 
— 
Costs and expenses
— 
Net income (loss)
(2,497) 
Net income (loss) attributable to TWDC shareholders
(2,497) 
Balance Sheet ($ in millions)
September 28, 2024
September 30, 2023
Current assets
$ 
2,767 
$ 
8,544 
Noncurrent assets
3,336 
2,927 
Current liabilities
7,640 
5,746 
Noncurrent liabilities (excluding intercompany to non-Guarantors)
40,608 
43,307 
Intercompany payables to non-Guarantors
157,925 
154,018 
ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
The Company is exposed to the impact of interest rate changes, foreign currency fluctuations, commodity fluctuations and 
changes in the market values of its investments.
Policies and Procedures
In the normal course of business, we employ established policies and procedures to manage the Company’s exposure to 
changes in interest rates, foreign currencies and commodities using a variety of financial instruments.
Our objectives in managing exposure to interest rate changes are to limit the impact of interest rate volatility on earnings 
and cash flows and to lower overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, we primarily use interest rate swaps to 
manage net exposure to interest rate changes related to the Company’s portfolio of borrowings. By policy, the Company targets 
fixed-rate debt as a percentage of its net debt between minimum and maximum percentages.
Our objective in managing exposure to foreign currency fluctuations is to reduce volatility of earnings and cash flow in 
order to allow management to focus on core business issues and challenges. Accordingly, the Company enters into various 
contracts that change in value as foreign exchange rates change to protect the U.S. dollar equivalent value of its existing foreign 
currency assets, liabilities, commitments and forecasted foreign currency revenues and expenses. The Company utilizes option 
strategies and forward contracts that provide for the purchase or sale of foreign currencies to hedge probable, but not firmly 
committed, transactions. The Company also uses forward and option contracts to hedge foreign currency assets and liabilities. 
The principal foreign currencies hedged are the euro, Japanese yen, British pound, Chinese yuan and Canadian dollar. Cross-
currency swaps are used to effectively convert foreign currency denominated borrowings to U.S. dollar denominated 
borrowings. By policy, the Company maintains hedge coverage between minimum and maximum percentages of its forecasted 
foreign exchange exposures generally for periods not to exceed four years. The gains and losses on these contracts are intended 
to offset changes in the U.S. dollar equivalent value of the related exposures. The economic or political conditions in certain 
countries have reduced and in the future could further reduce our ability to hedge exposure to currency fluctuations in, or 
repatriate cash from, those countries.
Our objectives in managing exposure to commodity fluctuations are to use commodity derivatives to reduce volatility of 
earnings and cash flows arising from commodity price changes. The amounts hedged using commodity swap contracts are 
based on forecasted levels of consumption of certain commodities, such as fuel, oil and gasoline.
Our objectives in managing exposures to market-based fluctuations in certain retirement liabilities are to use total return 
swap contracts to reduce the volatility of earnings arising from changes in these retirement liabilities. The amounts hedged 
using total return swap contracts are based on estimated liability balances.
It is the Company’s policy to enter into foreign currency and interest rate derivative transactions and other financial 
instruments only to the extent considered necessary to meet its objectives as stated above. The Company does not enter into 
these transactions or any other hedging transactions for speculative purposes.
See Note 17 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
57

Value at Risk (VAR)
The Company utilizes a VAR model to estimate the maximum potential one-day loss in the fair value of its interest rate, 
foreign exchange, commodities and market sensitive equity financial instruments. While various modeling techniques can be 
used in a VAR computation, the Company’s computations are based on a variance/co-variance technique, which assesses the 
interrelationships between movements in various interest rates, currencies, commodities and equity prices. These 
interrelationships were determined by observing interest rate, foreign currency, commodity and equity market changes over the 
preceding quarter for the calculation of VAR amounts at each fiscal quarter end. The model includes all of the Company’s debt, 
interest rate and foreign exchange, and commodities derivatives, and market sensitive equity investments. Forecasted 
transactions, firm commitments and accounts receivable and payable denominated in foreign currencies, which certain of these 
instruments are intended to hedge, were excluded from the model. The VAR model estimates were made assuming normal 
market conditions and a 95% confidence level.
The VAR model is a risk analysis tool and does not purport to represent actual losses in fair value that will be incurred by 
the Company, nor does it consider the potential effect of favorable changes in market factors.
VAR on a combined basis decreased to $255 million at September 28, 2024 from $284 million at September 30, 2023 due 
to reduced interest rate volatility.
The estimated maximum potential one-day loss in fair value, calculated using the VAR model, is as follows (unaudited, in 
millions):
Fiscal 2024
Interest Rate
Sensitive
Financial
Instruments
Currency
Sensitive
Financial
Instruments
Equity 
Sensitive
Financial
Instruments
Commodity 
Sensitive 
Financial 
Instruments
Combined
Portfolio
Year end fiscal 2024 VAR
$ 
235 
$ 
40 
$ 
7 
$ 
2 
$ 
255 
Average VAR
290 
48 
5 
3 
315 
Highest VAR
416 
57 
7 
4 
444 
Lowest VAR
235 
40 
4 
2 
255 
Year end fiscal 2023 VAR 
258 
45 
4 
4 
284 
The VAR for Asia Theme Parks is immaterial as of September 28, 2024 and has been excluded from the above table. 
ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
See Index to Financial Statements and Supplemental Data on page 67.
ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None.
ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We have established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the 
Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized 
and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and made 
known to the officers who certify the Company’s financial reports and to other members of senior management and the Board 
of Directors as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Based on their evaluation as of September 28, 2024, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the 
Company have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management’s report set forth on page 68 is incorporated herein by reference.
Changes in Internal Controls
There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year 
ended September 28, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over 
financial reporting.
58

ITEM 9B. Other Information
Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements
On August 14, 2024, Robert A. Iger, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and a Director on the Company’s Board of 
Directors, adopted a trading plan intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended. Mr. Iger’s trading plan provides for the potential exercise of vested stock options granted to Mr. Iger 
on December 18, 2014, which will expire December 18, 2024, and the associated sale of up to 372,412 shares of the Company’s 
common stock, excluding any shares used to effect a cashless exercise or withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations in 
connection with the exercise or net settlement of the option awards. Mr. Iger’s trading plan is scheduled to terminate on 
December 17, 2024, subject to early termination.
ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
59

PART III
ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Information regarding Section 16(a) compliance, the Audit Committee, the Company’s code of ethics, background of the 
directors and director nominations appearing under the captions “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports,” “The Board of Directors,” 
“Committees” and “Corporate Governance Documents” in the Company’s Proxy Statement for the 2025 annual meeting of 
Shareholders (2025 Proxy Statement) is hereby incorporated by reference.
The Company has adopted an insider trading compliance policy and program applicable to the Company’s directors, 
officers and employees, as well as the Company itself, that the Company believes is reasonably designed to promote 
compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and the New York Stock Exchange listing standards. The foregoing 
summary of the Company’s insider trading compliance policy and program does not purport to be complete and is qualified in 
its entirety by reference to the full text thereof attached hereto as Exhibit 19.
Information regarding executive officers is included in Part I of this Form 10-K as permitted by General Instruction G(3).
ITEM 11. Executive Compensation
Information appearing under the captions “Director Compensation,” and “Executive Compensation” (other than the 
“Compensation Committee Report,” which is deemed furnished herein by reference, and the “Letter from the Compensation 
Committee”) in the 2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference.
ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Information setting forth the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management appearing under the caption 
“Stock Ownership” and information appearing under the caption “Equity Compensation Plans” in the 2025 Proxy Statement is 
hereby incorporated by reference.
ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Information regarding certain related transactions appearing under the captions “Certain Relationships and Related Person 
Transactions” and information regarding director independence appearing under the caption “Director Independence” in the 
2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference.
ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services
Information appearing under the captions “Auditor Fees and Services” and “Policy for Approval of Audit and Permitted 
Non-Audit Services” in the 2025 Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference.
60

PART IV
ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
(1) Financial Statements and Schedules
See Index to Financial Statements and Supplemental Data on page 67.
(2) Exhibits
The documents set forth below are filed herewith or incorporated herein by reference to the location indicated.
Exhibit
Location
3.1
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of The Walt 
Disney Company, effective as of March 19, 2019
Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
the Company filed March 20, 2019
3.2
Certificate of Amendment to the Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation of The Walt Disney Company, effective 
as of March 20, 2019
Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
the Company filed March 20, 2019
3.3
Amended and Restated Bylaws of The Walt Disney 
Company, effective as of November 30, 2023
Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
the Company filed November 30, 2023
3.4
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of 
TWDC Enterprises 18 Corp., effective as of March 20, 
2019
Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
Legacy Disney filed March 20, 2019
3.5
Amended and Restated Bylaws of TWDC Enterprises 
18 Corp., effective as of March 20, 2019
Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
Legacy Disney filed March 20, 2019
3.6
Certificate of Elimination of Series B Convertible 
Preferred Stock of The Walt Disney Company, as filed 
with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on 
November 28, 2018
Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
Legacy Disney filed November 30, 2018
4.1
Senior Debt Securities Indenture, dated as of 
September 24, 2001, between TWDC Enterprises 18 
Corp. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Trustee
Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
Legacy Disney filed September 24, 2001
4.2
First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 20, 
2019, among The Walt Disney Company, TWDC 
Enterprises 18 Corp. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as 
Trustee
Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
Legacy Disney filed March 20, 2019
4.3
Indenture, dated as of March 20, 2019, by and among 
The Walt Disney Company, as issuer, and TWDC 
Enterprises 18 Corp., as guarantor, and Citibank, N.A., 
as trustee
Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
the Company filed March 20, 2019
4.4
Other long-term borrowing instruments are omitted 
pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. The 
Company undertakes to furnish copies of such 
instruments to the Commission upon request
4.5
Description of Registrant’s Securities
Exhibit 4.6 to the Form 10-K of the Company for 
the fiscal year ended September 28, 2019
10.1
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated 
as of October 6, 2011, between the Company and 
Robert A. Iger †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-K of Legacy Disney for 
the fiscal year ended October 1, 2011
10.2
Amendment dated July 1, 2013 to Amended and 
Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of October 
6, 2011, between the Company and Robert A. Iger †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
Legacy Disney filed July 1, 2013
10.3
Amendment dated October 2, 2014 to Amended and 
Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of October 
6, 2011, between the Company and Robert A. Iger †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
Legacy Disney filed October 3, 2014
10.4
Amendment dated March 22, 2017 to Amended and 
Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of October 
6, 2011, between the Company and Robert A. Iger †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
Legacy Disney filed March 23, 2017
10.5
Amendment dated December 13, 2017 to Amended 
and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of 
October 6, 2011, between the Company and Robert A. 
Iger †
Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
Legacy Disney filed December 14, 2017
61

Exhibit
Location
10.6
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment 
Agreement, Dated as of October 6, 2011, as amended, 
between the Company and Robert A. Iger, dated 
November 30, 2018 †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
Legacy Disney filed December 3, 2018
10.7
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment 
Agreement, Dated as of October 6, 2011, as amended, 
between the Company and Robert A. Iger, dated March 
4, 2019 †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
Legacy Disney filed March 4, 2019
10.8
Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment 
Agreement, Dated as of October 6, 2011 and as 
previously amended, between the Company and Robert 
A. Iger, dated February 24, 2020 †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
the Company filed February 25, 2020
10.9
Employment Agreement Dated as of November 20, 
2022, between the Company and Robert A. Iger †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
the Company filed November 21, 2022
10.10
Amendment dated July 12, 2023 to Employment 
Agreement dated as of November 20, 2022, between 
the Company and Robert A. Iger †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
the Company filed July 12. 2023
10.11
Second Amendment dated December 15, 2023, to that 
certain Employment Agreement, dated as of November 
20, 2022, as amended, by and between The Walt 
Disney Company and Robert A. Iger †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended December 30, 2023
10.12
Employment Agreement Dated as of December 4, 
2023 by and between The Walt Disney Company and 
Hugh F. Johnston †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
the Company filed November 6. 2023
10.13
Amendment dated December 15, 2023, to that certain 
Employment Agreement, dated as of December 4, 
2023, by and between The Walt Disney Company and 
Hugh F. Johnston †
Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended December 30, 2023
10.14
Employment Agreement, dated as of December 21, 
2021 between the Company and Horacio E. 
Gutierrez †
Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended January 1, 2022
10.15
Assignment of Employment Agreement dated January 
31, 2022 between the Company and Horacio E. 
Gutierrez †
Exhibit 10.5 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended January 1, 2022
10.16
Amendment dated July 21, 2022 to the Employment 
Agreement dated December 21, 2021, between Disney 
Corporate Services Co., LLC and Horacio E. Gutierrez 
and to the Indemnification Agreement dated December 
21, 2021, between the Company and Horacio E. 
Gutierrez †
Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended July 2, 2022
10.17
Amendment dated April 21, 2023 to the Employment 
Agreement dated December 21, 2021, between Disney 
Corporate Services Co., LLC and Horacio E. Gutierrez 
and to the Indemnification Agreement dated December 
21, 2021, between the Company and Horacio E. 
Gutierrez †
Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended April 1, 2023
10.18
Amendment dated December 21, 2023 to that certain 
Employment Agreement, dated as of December 21, 
2021, by and between Disney Corporate Services Co., 
LLC and Horacio E. Gutierrez, as amended; and to that 
certain Indemnification Agreement, dated as of 
December 21, 2021, by and between The Walt Disney 
Company and Horacio E. Gutierrez, as amended †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
the Company filed December 22. 2023
10.19
Second Amendment dated December 13, 2023 to that 
certain Employment Agreement, dated as of December 
21, 2021, by and between Disney Corporate Services 
Co., LLC and Horacio E. Gutierrez, as amended †
Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended December 30, 2023
10.20
Employment Agreement, dated June 29, 2022, between 
the Company and Kristina K. Schake †
Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended July 2, 2022
62

Exhibit
Location
10.21
Amendment dated April 18, 2023 to Employment 
Agreement, dated June 29, 2022 between the Company 
and Kristina K. Schake †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
the Company filed April 20, 2023
10.22
Amendment dated December 13, 2023 to that certain 
Employment Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2022, by 
and between The Walt Disney Company and Kristina 
K. Schake, as amended †
Exhibit 10.7 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended December 30, 2023
10.23
Employment Agreement dated as of April 8, 2023, by 
and between the Company and Sonia L. Coleman †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended April 1, 2023
10.24
Amendment dated December 13, 2023, to that certain 
Employment Agreement, dated as of April 8, 2023, by 
and between The Walt Disney Company and Sonia L. 
Coleman †
Exhibit 10.6 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended December 30, 2023
10.25
Voluntary Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation 
Plan †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
Legacy Disney filed December 23, 2014
10.26
Description of Directors Compensation
Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended January 1, 2022
10.27
Form of Indemnification Agreement for certain 
officers and directors †
Exhibit 10.26 to the Form 10-K of the Company for 
the fiscal year ended October 1, 2022
10.28
Form of Assignment and Assumption of 
Indemnification Agreement for certain officers and 
directors †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended June 29, 2019
10.29
1995 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors
Exhibit 20 to the Form S-8 Registration Statement 
(No. 33-57811) of DEI, dated Feb. 23, 1995
10.30
Amended and Restated 2002 Executive Performance 
Plan †
Annex A to the Proxy Statement for the 2013 
Annual Meeting of Legacy Disney
10.31
Management Incentive Bonus Program †
The portions of the tables labeled “Performance-
based Bonus” in the sections of the Proxy Statement 
for the 2022 annual meeting titled “Executive 
Compensation Program Structure - Objectives and 
Methods - Objectives and Key Features” and 
“Compensation Process” and the section of the 
Proxy Statement titled “Performance Goals”
10.32
Amended and Restated 1997 Non-Employee Directors 
Stock and Deferred Compensation Plan
Annex II to the Proxy Statement for the 2003 
annual meeting of Legacy Disney
10.33
Amended and Restated The Walt Disney Company/
Pixar 2004 Equity Incentive Plan †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
Legacy Disney filed December 1, 2006
10.34
Amended and Restated 2011 Stock Incentive Plan †
Annex A to Proxy Statement of registrant filed 
February 1, 2024
10.35
Disney Key Employees Retirement Savings Plan †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q of Legacy Disney for 
the quarter ended July 2, 2011
10.36
Amendments dated April 30, 2015 to the Amended and 
Restated The Walt Disney Productions and Associated 
Companies Key Employees Deferred Compensation 
and Retirement Plan, Amended and Restated Benefit 
Equalization Plan of ABC, Inc. and Disney Key 
Employees Retirement Savings Plan †
Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q of Legacy Disney for 
the quarter ended March 28, 2015
10.37
Second Amendment to the Disney Key Employees 
Retirement Savings Plan †
Exhibit 10.33 to the Form 10-K of the Company for 
the fiscal year ended October 2, 2021
10.38
Third Amendment to the Disney Key Employees 
Retirement Savings Plan †
Exhibit 10.9 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended January 1, 2022
10.39
Amended and Restated Severance Pay Plan †
Filed herewith
10.40
Group Personal Excess Liability Insurance Plan †
Exhibit 10.8 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended January 1, 2022
10.41
Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award 
Agreement †
Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended January 2, 2021
10.42
Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award 
Agreement †
Exhibit 10.6 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended July 2, 2022
63

Exhibit
Location
10.43
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
(Time-Based Vesting) †
Exhibit 10.7 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended July 2, 2022
10.44
Form of Performance-Based Stock Unit Award 
Agreement (Section 162(m) Vesting Requirement) †
Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended January 2, 2021
10.45
Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit 
Award Agreement (Three-Year Vesting subject to 
Total Shareholder Return/ROIC Tests) †
Exhibit 10.5 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended January 2, 2021
10.46
Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit 
Award Agreement (Three-Year Vesting subject to 
Total Shareholder Return/ROIC Tests) †
Exhibit 10.44 to the Form 10-K of the Company for 
the fiscal year ended October 1, 2022
10.47
Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit 
Award Agreement (Three-Year Vesting subject to 
Total Shareholder Return/ROIC Tests) †
Exhibit 10.9 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended December 30, 2023
10.48
Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit 
Award Agreement (Three-Year Vesting subject to 
Total Shareholder Return/ROIC Tests/Section 162(m) 
Vesting Requirements) †
Exhibit 10.6 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended January 2, 2021
10.49
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
(Time-Based Vesting) †
Exhibit 10.8 to the Form 10-Q of Legacy Disney for 
the quarter ended December 29, 2018
10.50
Form of Performance-Based Stock Unit Award 
Agreement (Section 162(m) Vesting Requirement) †
Exhibit 10.9 to the Form 10-Q of Legacy Disney for 
the quarter ended December 29, 2018
10.51
Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award 
Agreement †
Exhibit 10.12 to the Form 10-Q of Legacy Disney 
for the quarter ended December 29, 2018
10.52
Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award 
Agreement †
Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended December 31, 2022
10.53
Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award 
Agreement †
Exhibit 10.8 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended December 30, 2023
10.54
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
(Time-Based Vesting) †
Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended December 31, 2022
10.55
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award 
Agreement (Three-Year Vesting subject to Total 
Shareholder Return/ROIC tests) for Robert A. Iger 
dated as of December 14, 2021 †
Exhibit 10.11 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended January 1, 2022
10.56
Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement for 
Robert A. Iger dated as of December 14, 2021 †
Exhibit 10.12 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended January 1, 2022
10.57
Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit 
Award Agreement (Three-Year Vesting subject to 
Total Shareholder Return/ROIC Tests) †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended December 28, 2019
10.58
Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit 
Award Agreement (Three-Year Vesting subject to 
Total Shareholder Return/ROIC Tests) †
Exhibit 10.57 to the Form 10-K of the Company for 
the fiscal year ended October 1, 2022
10.59
Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit 
Award Agreement (Three-Year/Two-Year Vesting 
subject to Total Shareholder Return/ROIC Tests) †
Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q of the Company for 
the quarter ended December 31, 2022
10.60
Form of Stock Option Awards Agreement †
Exhibit 10.58 to the Form 10-K of the Company for 
the fiscal year ended October 1, 2022
10.61
Form of Stock Option Awards Agreement †
Exhibit 10.59 to the Form 10-K of the Company for 
the fiscal year ended October 1, 2022
10.62
Form of Stock Option Awards Agreement †
Exhibit 10.60 to the Form 10-K of the Company for 
the fiscal year ended October 1, 2022
10.63
Form of Stock Option Awards Agreement †
Exhibit 10.61 to the Form 10-K of the Company for 
the fiscal year ended October 1, 2022
10.64
Form of Stock Option Awards Agreement †
Exhibit 10.62 to the Form 10-K of the Company for 
the fiscal year ended October 1, 2022
10.65
Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. 2013 Long-Term 
Incentive Plan †
Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K of TFCF filed October 
18, 2013
64

Exhibit
Location
10.66
Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of March 1, 2024
Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
the Company filed March 4, 2024
10.67
Five-Year Credit Agreement dated as of March 4, 2022
Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
the Company filed March 9, 2022
10.68
364-Day Credit Agreement dated as of March 1, 2024
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
the Company filed March 4, 2024
19
The Walt Disney Company and Associated Companies 
Insider Trading Compliance Policy and Program
Filed herewith
21
Subsidiaries of the Company
Filed herewith
22
List of Guarantor Subsidiaries
Filed herewith
23
Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Filed herewith
31(a)
Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive 
Officer of the Company in accordance with Section 
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
Filed herewith
31(b)
Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Interim Chief Financial 
Officer of the Company in accordance with Section 
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
Filed herewith
32(a)
Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
of the Company in accordance with Section 906 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002**
Furnished herewith
32(b)
Section 1350 Certification of Interim Chief Financial 
Officer of the Company in accordance with Section 
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002**
Furnished herewith
97
The Walt Disney Company Clawback Policy
Filed herewith
101
The following materials from the Company’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 
28, 2024 formatted in Inline Extensible Business 
Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the Consolidated 
Statements of Income, (ii) the Consolidated Statements 
of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of 
Cash Flows, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Equity 
and (vi) related notes
Filed herewith
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the 
Inline XBRL document)
Filed herewith
*
Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted
schedule or exhibit will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request.
**
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be 
retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request.
†
Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary
None.
65

SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused 
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
THE WALT DISNEY COMPANY
(Registrant)
Date:
November 14, 2024
By:
/s/    ROBERT A. IGER
(Robert A. Iger
Chief Executive Officer and Director)
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following 
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
Signature
Title
Date
Principal Executive Officer
/s/    ROBERT A. IGER
Chief Executive Officer and Director
November 14, 2024
(Robert A. Iger)
Principal Financial and Accounting Officers
/s/    HUGH F. JOHNSTON
Senior Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
November 14, 2024
(Hugh F. Johnston)
/s/    BRENT A. WOODFORD
Executive Vice President-Controllership, 
Financial Planning and Tax
November 14, 2024
(Brent A. Woodford)
Directors
/s/    MARY T. BARRA
Director
November 14, 2024
(Mary T. Barra)
/s/    AMY L. CHANG
Director
November 14, 2024
(Amy L. Chang)
/s/    D. JEREMY DARROCH
Director
November 14, 2024
(D. Jeremy Darroch)
/s/    CAROLYN N. EVERSON
Director
November 14, 2024
(Carolyn N. Everson)
/s/    MICHAEL B.G. FROMAN
Director
November 14, 2024
(Michael B.G. Froman)
/s/    JAMES P. GORMAN
Director
November 14, 2024
(James P. Gorman)
/s/    MARIA ELENA LAGOMASINO
Director
November 14, 2024
(Maria Elena Lagomasino)
/s/    CALVIN R. MCDONALD
Director
November 14, 2024
(Calvin R. McDonald)
/s/    MARK G. PARKER
Chairman of the Board and Director
November 14, 2024
(Mark G. Parker)
/s/    DERICA W. RICE
Director
November 14, 2024
(Derica W. Rice)
66

MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such 
term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). The Company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those 
policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the 
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as 
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that 
receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors 
of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, 
use, or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statements prepared for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect 
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may 
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.
Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our principal executive officer and principal 
financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 
framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission in 2013. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, management 
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 28, 2024.
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024 has been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included 
herein.
68

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of The Walt Disney Company
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiaries (the 
“Company”) as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, of 
comprehensive income, of shareholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 
2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the 
Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - 
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of the Company as of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows 
for each of the three years in the period ended September 28, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted 
in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal 
control over financial reporting as of September 28, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated 
Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal 
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included 
in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express 
opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting 
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities 
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material 
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in 
all material respects.
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to 
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the 
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates 
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of 
internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, 
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal 
control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the 
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures 
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate 
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated 
financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to 
accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, 
69

subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the 
consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, 
providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Annual Goodwill Impairment Assessment – Entertainment Linear Networks and Direct-to-Consumer (DTC) Services Reporting 
Units
As described in Notes 2, 4 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s consolidated goodwill balance 
was $73.3 billion as of September 28, 2024, of which a significant portion relates to the entertainment linear networks and DTC 
services reporting units. Management performs the annual test of goodwill for impairment in the fiscal fourth quarter, and if 
current events or circumstances require, on an interim basis. Management bypassed the qualitative test and performed a 
quantitative assessment of goodwill for impairment. The quantitative assessment compares the fair value of each reporting unit 
to its carrying amount, and to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment of goodwill is recognized for 
the excess up to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. To determine the fair value of the Company’s reporting 
units, management generally uses a present value technique (discounted cash flows) corroborated by market multiples when 
available and as appropriate. Significant judgments and assumptions in the discounted cash flow model relate to future revenues 
and certain operating expenses, operating margins, terminal growth rates, and discount rates. Based on management’s 
projections, the carrying amounts of the entertainment linear networks reporting unit exceeded its fair value, and management 
recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of approximately $0.6 billion in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the annual goodwill impairment 
assessment of the entertainment linear networks and DTC services reporting units is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant 
judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the entertainment linear networks and DTC services 
reporting units; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating 
management’s significant assumptions related to future revenues and certain operating expenses, operating margins, terminal 
growth rates, and discount rates; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our 
overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating 
to management’s goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of the Company’s entertainment linear 
networks and DTC services reporting units. These procedures also included, among others, for the entertainment linear 
networks and DTC services reporting units (i) testing management’s process for developing the fair value estimates; (ii) testing 
the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the discounted cash flow models; and (iii) evaluating the 
reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to future revenues and certain operating expenses, 
operating margins, terminal growth rates, and discount rates. Evaluating management’s assumptions related to future revenues 
and certain operating expenses, operating margins, and terminal growth rates involved evaluating whether the assumptions used 
by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the entertainment linear networks and DTC 
services reporting units; (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data; and (iii) whether the assumptions were 
consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to 
assist in evaluating the reasonableness of the discount rate assumptions.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Los Angeles, California
November 14, 2024 
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1938.
70

•
Home entertainment distribution - Electronic sales and rentals of film and episodic content through distributors and
royalties from the licensing of physical distribution rights
•
Other revenue - Revenues from licensing our music, ticket sales from stage play performances, fees from licensing our
IP for use in stage plays, sales of post-production services and the allocation of consumer products merchandise
licensing revenues
The significant expenses of Entertainment are as follows:
•
Operating expenses, consisting primarily of programming and production costs, technology support costs, operating
labor and distribution costs. Programming and production costs include the following:
◦
Amortization of capitalized production costs
◦
Amortization of the costs of licensed programming rights
◦
Subscriber-based fees for programming our Hulu Live service, including fees paid by Hulu to the Sports segment
and other Entertainment segment businesses for the right to air their linear networks on Hulu Live
◦
Production costs related to live programming (primarily news)
◦
Participations and residual expenses
◦
Fees paid to the Sports segment to program ESPN on ABC and certain sports content on Disney+
•
Selling, general and administrative costs, including marketing costs
•
Depreciation and amortization
Sports
The Sports segment generally encompasses the Company’s sports-focused global television and DTC video streaming 
content production and distribution activities. 
The lines of business within Sports include the following: 
•
ESPN (generally owned 80% by the Company)
◦
Domestic:
▪
Seven ESPN branded television channels
▪
ESPN on ABC (sports programmed on the ABC Network by ESPN)
▪
ESPN+ DTC service
◦
International: ESPN-branded channels outside of the U.S.
◦
Star: Star-branded sports channels in India
In February 2024, the Company, Fox Corporation and Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. announced plans to create a joint 
venture to offer a sports-focused DTC platform (Venu Sports) that will distribute each party’s domestic sports networks, certain 
broadcast networks and sports streaming services. In August 2024, a motion for preliminary injunction in a matter before the 
District Court for the Southern District of New York was granted, enjoining the launch of Venu Sports. See Note 14 for 
additional information regarding this legal matter. Further, the formation and launch of Venu Sports are subject to the 
finalization of definitive agreements among the parties.
The significant revenues of Sports are as follows:
•
Affiliate fees
•
Advertising
•
Subscription fees
•
Other revenue - Fees from the following activities: pay-per-view events on ESPN+, sub-licensing of sports rights,
programming ESPN on ABC and licensing the ESPN brand
The significant expenses of Sports are as follows:
•
Operating expenses, consisting primarily of programming and production costs, technology support costs, operating
labor and distribution costs. Programming and production costs include amortization of licensed sports rights and
production costs related to live sports and other sports-related programming.
•
Selling, general and administrative costs, including marketing costs
•
Depreciation and amortization
77

SEGMENT INFORMATION
Our operating segments report separate financial information, which is evaluated regularly by the Chief Executive Officer 
in order to decide how to allocate resources and to assess performance. We do not present a measure of total assets for our 
reportable segments as this information is not used by management to allocate resources and capital. 
Segment operating results reflect earnings before corporate and unallocated shared expenses, restructuring and impairment 
charges, net other income, net interest expense, income taxes and noncontrolling interests. Segment operating income generally 
includes equity in the income of investees and excludes impairments of certain equity investments and acquisition accounting 
amortization of TFCF Corporation (TFCF) and Hulu assets (i.e. intangible assets and the fair value step-up for film and 
episodic costs) recognized in connection with the TFCF acquisition in fiscal 2019 (TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization). 
Corporate and unallocated shared expenses principally consist of corporate functions, executive management and certain 
unallocated administrative support functions.
Segment operating results include allocations of certain costs, including information technology, pension, legal and other 
shared services costs, which are allocated based on metrics designed to correlate with consumption.
Segment revenues and segment operating income are as follows:
2024
2023
2022
Revenues
Entertainment
Third parties
$ 
40,775 
$ 
40,258 
$ 
39,231 
Intersegment
411 
377 
338 
41,186 
40,635 
39,569 
Sports
Third parties
16,435 
16,091 
16,429 
Intersegment
1,184 
1,020 
841 
17,619 
17,111 
17,270 
Experiences
34,151 
32,549 
28,085 
Eliminations
(1,595) 
(1,397) 
(1,179) 
Total segment revenues
$ 
91,361 
$ 
88,898 
$ 
83,745 
Segment operating income (loss)
Entertainment
$ 
3,923 
$ 
1,444 
$ 
2,126 
Sports
2,406 
2,465 
2,710 
Experiences
9,272 
8,954 
7,285 
Total segment operating income(1)
$ 
15,601 
$ 
12,863 
$ 
12,121 
(1) Equity in the income of investees is included in segment operating income as follows:
2024
2023
2022
Entertainment
$ 
529 
$ 
685 
$ 
783 
Sports
58 
55 
55 
Experiences
— 
(2)
(10)
Equity in the income of investees included in segment 
operating income
587 
738 
828 
A+E Gain(1)
— 
56 
— 
Amortization of TFCF intangible assets related to equity 
investees
(12)
(12)
(12) 
Equity in the income of investees
$ 
575 
$ 
782 
$ 
816 
(1)
Restructuring and impairment charges in fiscal 2023 include the impact of a content license agreement termination
with A+E, which generated a gain at A+E. The Company’s 50% interest of this gain was $56 million (A+E gain).
79

A reconciliation of segment revenues to total revenues is as follows:
2024
2023
2022
Segment revenues
$ 
91,361 
$ 
88,898 
$ 
83,745 
Content License Early Termination(1)
— 
— 
(1,023) 
Total revenues
$ 
91,361 
$ 
88,898 
$ 
82,722 
(1) In fiscal 2022, the Company early terminated certain license agreements with a customer for film and episodic content,
which was delivered in previous years, in order for the Company to use the content primarily on our Entertainment
Direct-to-Consumer services (Content License Early Termination). Because the content is functional IP, we had
recognized substantially all of the consideration to be paid by the customer under the licenses as revenue in prior years
when the content was delivered. Consequently, we have recorded the amounts to terminate the license agreements, net
of remaining amounts of deferred revenue, as a reduction of revenue.
A reconciliation of segment operating income to income from continuing operations before income taxes is as follows:
2024
2023
2022
Segment operating income
$ 
15,601 
$ 
12,863 
$ 
12,121 
Content License Early Termination
— 
— 
(1,023) 
Corporate and unallocated shared expenses
(1,435) 
(1,147) 
(1,159) 
Restructuring and impairment charges(1)
(3,595) 
(3,836) 
(237) 
Other income (expense), net(2)
(65)
96
(667) 
Interest expense, net
(1,260) 
(1,209)
(1,397) 
TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization(3)
(1,677) 
(1,998)
(2,353) 
Income from continuing operations before income taxes
$ 
7,569 
$ 
4,769 
$ 
5,285 
(1) Net of the A+E Gain in fiscal 2023.
(2) “Other income (expense), net” for fiscal 2024 and 2023 includes charges related to a legal ruling of $65 million and
$101 million, respectively. Fiscal 2023 and 2022 include a gain of $169 million and a loss of $663 million,
respectively, to adjust our investment in DraftKings, Inc. to fair value. The Company sold the DraftKings investment
in fiscal 2023.
(3) TFCF and Hulu acquisition amortization is as follows:
2024
2023
2022
Amortization of intangible assets
$ 
1,394 
$ 
1,547 
$ 
1,707 
Step-up of film and episodic costs
271 
439 
634 
Intangibles related to TFCF equity investees
12 
12 
12 
$ 
1,677 
$ 
1,998 
$ 
2,353 
80

relative standalone selling price using management’s best estimate. Revenue is recognized at the start of each 
availability period when the content is made available for use by the licensee.
When the term of an existing agreement is renewed or extended, revenues are recognized when the licensed content 
becomes available under the renewal or extension.
•
Theatrical distribution licensing fees are recognized as revenue based on the contractual royalty rate applied to the
distributor’s underlying sales from exhibition of the film.
•
Home entertainment sales in electronic formats are recognized as revenue when the content is available for use by the
consumer. Royalties from the licensing of physical home entertainment distribution rights are recognized as revenue as
earned based on the contractual royalty rate applied to the licensee’s underlying product sales. Sales in physical
formats through distributors are recognized as revenue on the later of the delivery date or the date that the product can
be sold by retailers. We reduce home entertainment physical distribution revenues for estimated future returns of
merchandise and sales incentives based upon historical return experience, current economic trends and projections of
consumer demand for our products.
•
Taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are excluded from revenue.
•
Shipping and handling fees collected from customers are recorded as revenue and the related shipping expenses are
recorded in cost of products upon delivery of the product to the consumer.
Allowance for Credit Losses
We evaluate our allowance for credit losses and estimate collectability of current and non-current accounts receivable 
based on historical bad debt experience, our assessment of the financial condition of individual companies with which we do 
business, current market conditions and reasonable supportable forecasts of future economic conditions.
Advertising Expense
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $6.1 billion, $6.4 
billion and $7.2 billion, respectively. The decrease in advertising expense for fiscal 2024 compared to fiscal 2023 was due to a 
decrease in theatrical marketing costs. The decrease in advertising expense for fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was due to 
lower spend for our DTC streaming services.  
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and marketable securities with original maturities of three months or 
less. Cash and cash equivalents subject to contractual restrictions and not readily available are classified as restricted cash.
The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet to the total of the amounts in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
September 28, 
2024
September 30, 
2023
October 1, 
2022
Cash and cash equivalents
$ 
6,002 
$ 
14,182 
$ 
11,615 
Restricted cash included in:
Other current assets
— 
— 
3 
Other assets
100 
53 
43 
Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in the statement 
of cash flows
$ 
6,102 
$ 
14,235 
$ 
11,661 
Investments
Investments in equity securities with a readily determinable fair value, not accounted for under the equity method, are 
recorded at that value with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings. For equity securities without a readily determinable 
fair value, the investment is recorded at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus adjustments related to observable transactions 
for the same or similar securities, with unrealized gains and losses included in earnings.
For equity method investments, the Company regularly reviews its investments to determine whether there is a decline in 
fair value below book value. If there is a decline that is other-than-temporary, the investment is written down to fair value.
Translation Policy
Generally, the U.S. dollar is the functional currency for our international film and episodic content distribution and 
licensing businesses and the branded international channels and DTC streaming services. Generally, the local currency is the 
functional currency for the Asia Theme Parks, Disneyland Paris, international sports channels and international locations of The 
Disney Store.
84

Acquired film and television libraries are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over 20 years from the date of 
acquisition. Acquired film and television libraries include content that was initially released three years prior to its acquisition, 
except it excludes the prior seasons of episodic programming still in production at the date of its acquisition.
Amortization of capitalized costs for produced content begins in the month the content is first released, while amortization 
of capitalized costs for licensed content commences when the license period begins and the content is first aired or available for 
use on our DTC services. Amortization of content assets is primarily included in “Cost of services” in the Consolidated 
Statements of Income. 
The costs of produced and licensed film and television content are subject to regular recoverability assessments. 
Production costs for content that is predominantly monetized individually are tested for impairment at the individual title level 
by comparing that title’s unamortized costs to the estimated present value of discounted cash flows directly attributable to the 
title. To the extent the title’s unamortized costs exceed the present value of discounted cash flows, an impairment charge is 
recorded for the excess. Cost of content that is predominantly monetized as a group is tested for impairment by comparing the 
present value of the discounted cash flows of the group to the aggregate unamortized costs of the group. The group is 
established by identifying the lowest level for which cash flows are independent of the cash flows of other produced and 
licensed content. If the unamortized costs exceed the present value of discounted cash flows, an impairment charge is recorded 
for the excess and allocated to individual titles based on the relative carrying value of each title in the group. If there are no 
plans to continue to use an individual film or television program that is part of a group, the unamortized cost of the individual 
title is written down to its estimated fair value. Licensed content is included as part of the group within which it is monetized 
for purposes of impairment testing.
Content Production Incentives
The Company receives tax incentives from U.S. (state and local) and foreign government agencies to encourage the 
production of film, episodic and streaming content. The incentives are largely received as tax credits, which are recognized as a 
reduction to produced and licensed content costs when there is reasonable assurance of collection (presented as “Produced and 
licensed content costs” in the Consolidated Balance Sheets), resulting in a reduction to programming and production costs 
(presented as “Costs of services” in the Consolidated Statements of Income) over the asset’s amortization period.
Internal-Use Software Costs
The Company expenses costs incurred in the preliminary project stage of developing or acquiring internal use software, 
such as research and feasibility studies as well as costs incurred in the post-implementation/operational stage, such as 
maintenance and training. Capitalization of software development costs occurs only after the preliminary-project stage is 
complete, management authorizes the project and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used 
for the function intended. As of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, capitalized software costs, net of accumulated 
amortization, totaled $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively. The capitalized costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over 
the estimated useful life of the software, generally up to 5 years.
Parks, Resorts and Other Property
Parks, resorts and other property are carried at historical cost. Depreciation is computed on the straight-line method, 
generally over the following estimated useful lives:
Attractions, buildings and improvements
20 – 40 years
Furniture, fixtures and equipment
3 – 25 years
Land improvements
20 – 40 years
Leasehold improvements
Life of lease or asset life if less
Leases
The Company determines whether a contract is a lease at contract inception or for a modified contract at the modification 
date. At inception or modification, the Company calculates the present value of operating lease payments using the Company’s 
incremental borrowing rate applicable to the lease, which is determined by estimating what it would cost the Company to 
borrow a collateralized amount equal to the total lease payments over the lease term based on the contractual terms of the lease 
and the location of the leased asset. Our leases may require us to make fixed rental payments, variable lease payments based on 
usage or sales and fixed non-lease costs relating to the leased asset. Variable lease payments are generally not included in the 
measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability. Fixed non-lease costs, for example common-area maintenance costs, 
are included in the measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability as the Company does not separate lease and non-
lease components.
86

Goodwill, Other Intangible Assets and Long-Lived Assets
The Company is required to test goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis 
and if current events or circumstances require, on an interim basis. The Company performs its annual test of goodwill and 
indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment in its fiscal fourth quarter.
Goodwill is allocated to various reporting units, which are an operating segment or one level below the operating 
segment. To test goodwill for impairment, the Company first performs a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely 
than not that the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. If it is, a quantitative assessment is required. 
Alternatively, the Company may bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative impairment test.
The qualitative assessment requires the consideration of factors such as recent market transactions, macroeconomic 
conditions and changes in projected future cash flows of the reporting unit.
The quantitative assessment compares the fair value of each goodwill reporting unit to its carrying amount, and to the 
extent the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment of goodwill is recognized for the excess up to the amount of 
goodwill allocated to the reporting unit.
In fiscal 2024, the Company bypassed the qualitative test and performed a quantitative assessment of goodwill for 
impairment (see Note 18).
The impairment test for goodwill requires judgment related to the identification of reporting units, the assignment of 
assets and liabilities to reporting units including goodwill and the determination of fair value of the reporting units. To 
determine the fair value of our reporting units, we generally use a present value technique (discounted cash flows) corroborated 
by market multiples when available and as appropriate. The discounted cash flow analyses are sensitive to our estimated 
projected future cash flows as well as the discount rates used to calculate their present value. Our future cash flows are based on 
internal forecasts for each reporting unit, which consider projected inflation and other economic indicators, as well as industry 
growth projections. Significant judgments and assumptions in the discounted cash flow model relate to projections of future 
revenues and certain operating expenses, operating margins, terminal growth rates and discount rates. Discount rates for each 
reporting unit are determined based on the inherent risks of each reporting unit’s underlying operations. We believe our 
estimates are consistent with how a marketplace participant would value our reporting units. If we had established different 
reporting units or utilized different valuation methodologies or assumptions, the impairment test results could differ.
To test other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, the Company first performs a qualitative assessment to 
determine if it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of each of its indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds its fair 
value. If it is, a quantitative assessment is required. Alternatively, the Company may bypass the qualitative assessment and 
perform a quantitative impairment test.
The qualitative assessment requires the consideration of factors such as recent market transactions, macroeconomic 
conditions and changes in projected future cash flows.
The quantitative assessment compares the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying amount. If the 
carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess. 
Fair values of indefinite-lived intangible assets are determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, as 
appropriate. The Company has determined that there are currently no legal, competitive, economic or other factors that 
materially limit the useful life of our trademarks and FCC licenses, which are our most significant indefinite-lived intangible 
assets.
Finite-lived intangible assets are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over periods of 5 to 40 years. The costs to 
periodically renew our intangible assets are expensed as incurred.
The Company expects its aggregate annual amortization expense for finite-lived intangible assets for fiscal 2025 through 
2029 to be as follows:
2025
$ 
1,468 
2026
979 
2027
904 
2028
838 
2029
778 
The Company tests long-lived assets, including amortizable intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes 
in circumstances (triggering events) indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Once a triggering event has 
occurred, the impairment test employed is based on whether the Company’s intent is to hold the asset for continued use or to 
hold the asset for sale. The impairment test for assets held for use requires a comparison of the estimated undiscounted future 
87

Goodwill
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows:
Entertainment
Sports
Experiences
Star India
Total
Balance at Oct. 1, 2022
$ 
55,488 
$ 
16,859 
$ 
5,550 
$ 
— 
$ 
77,897 
Impairments(1)
(425)
(296)
— 
— 
(721) 
Currency translation adjustments and other, net
(32)
(77)
— 
— 
(109) 
Balance at Sep. 30, 2023
$ 
55,031 
$ 
16,486 
$ 
5,550 
$ 
— 
$ 
77,067 
Allocation to Star India
(2,445) 
— 
— 
2,445 
— 
Impairments(1)
(1,287) 
— 
— 
(1,335) 
(2,622) 
Reclassification to held for sale
— 
— 
— 
(1,106) 
(1,106) 
Currency translation adjustments and other, net
(9)
—
— 
(4)
(13)
Balance at Sep. 28, 2024
$ 
51,290 
$ 
16,486 
$ 
5,550 
$ 
—  $ 
73,326 
(1) Current year reflects impairments related to entertainment linear networks and Star India (see Note 18). Prior year
reflects impairments at entertainment and international sports linear networks (see Note 18).
5
Investments
Investments consist of the following:
September 28,
2024
September 30,
2023
Investments, equity basis
$ 
2,680 
$ 
2,688 
Investments, other
1,779 
392 
$ 
4,459 
$ 
3,080 
Investments, Equity Basis
The Company’s significant equity investments include A+E (50% ownership), Tata Play Limited (30% ownership) and 
CTV Specialty Television, Inc. (30% ownership). As of September 28, 2024, the book value of the Company’s equity method 
investments exceeded our share of the book value of the investees’ underlying net assets by approximately $0.5 billion, which 
represents amortizable intangible assets and goodwill arising from acquisitions.
Investments, Other
As of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company had securities without a readily determinable fair value 
of $1.7 billion and $0.2 billion, respectively, the most significant of which at September 28, 2024 is an 8% interest in Epic 
Games, Inc. valued at $1.5 billion.
Gains, losses and impairments on securities are generally recorded in “Interest expense, net” in the Consolidated 
Statements of Income; these amounts were not material for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022. See Note 1 for realized and unrealized 
gains and losses on securities recorded in “Other income (expense), net” in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
6
International Theme Parks
The Company has a 48% ownership interest in the operations of Hong Kong Disneyland Resort and a 43% ownership 
interest in the operations of Shanghai Disney Resort (together, the Asia Theme Parks), which are both VIEs consolidated in the 
Company’s financial statements. See Note 2 for the Company’s policy on consolidating VIEs. In addition, the Company has 
100% ownership of Disneyland Paris. The Asia Theme Parks together with Disneyland Paris are collectively referred to as the 
International Theme Parks.
93

The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of the Asia Theme Parks’ assets and liabilities included in the 
Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet:
September 28, 
2024
September 30, 
2023
Cash and cash equivalents
$ 
510 
$ 
504 
Other current assets
178 
159 
Total current assets
688 
663 
Parks, resorts and other property
6,141 
6,150 
Other assets
217 
234 
Total assets
$ 
7,046 
$ 
7,047 
Current liabilities
$ 
695 
$ 
720 
Long-term borrowings
1,292 
1,308 
Other long-term liabilities
409 
392 
Total liabilities
$ 
2,396 
$ 
2,420 
The following table summarizes the International Theme Parks’ revenues and costs and expenses included in the 
Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income for fiscal 2024:
Revenues
$ 
5,783 
Costs and expenses
(4,716) 
Asia Theme Parks’ royalty and management fees of $310 million for fiscal 2024 are eliminated in consolidation, but are 
considered in calculating earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests.
International Theme Parks’ cash flows included in the Company’s fiscal 2024 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
were $1.7 billion provided by operating activities, $0.9 billion used in investing activities and $0.1 billion used in financing 
activities.
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
The Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) and the Company have a 52% and a 48% 
equity interest in Hong Kong Disneyland Resort, respectively. 
The Company and HKSAR have provided loans to Hong Kong Disneyland Resort with outstanding balances of $101 
million and $68 million, respectively. The interest rate on both loans is three month HIBOR plus 2%, and the scheduled 
maturity date is September 2025. The Company’s loan is eliminated in consolidation.
The Company has provided Hong Kong Disneyland Resort with a revolving credit facility of HK $2.7 billion ($347 
million), which bears interest at a rate of three month HIBOR plus 1.25% and matures in December 2028. The line of credit 
does not have a balance outstanding.
Hong Kong Disneyland Resort is undergoing a multi-year expansion estimated to cost HK $10.9 billion ($1.4 billion). 
The Company and HKSAR have agreed to fund the expansion on an equal basis through equity contributions, which totaled 
$18 million and $57 million in fiscal 2024 and 2023, respectively. To date, the Company and HKSAR have funded a total of 
$791 million.
HKSAR has the right to receive additional shares over time to the extent Hong Kong Disneyland Resort exceeds certain 
return on asset performance targets. The amount of additional shares HKSAR can receive is capped on an annual basis and 
could decrease the Company’s equity interest by up to 6 percentage points over a period no shorter than 10 years. 
Shanghai Disney Resort
Shanghai Shendi (Group) Co., Ltd (Shendi) and the Company have 57% and 43% equity interests in Shanghai Disney 
Resort, respectively. A management company, in which the Company has a 70% interest and Shendi a 30% interest, operates 
Shanghai Disney Resort.
The Company has provided Shanghai Disney Resort with loans totaling $961 million bearing interest at 8% and are 
scheduled to mature in 2036 with earlier payments required based on available cash flows. In addition, early repayment is 
permitted. The loan is eliminated in consolidation. The Company has also provided Shanghai Disney Resort with a 1.9 billion 
yuan (approximately $0.3 billion) line of credit bearing interest at 8%. The line of credit does not have a balance outstanding.
94

8
Borrowings
The Company’s borrowings, including the impact of interest rate and cross-currency swaps, are summarized as follows:
September 28, 2024
Sep. 28, 
2024
Sep. 30, 
2023
Stated
Interest
Rate(1)
Pay Floating 
Interest rate 
and Cross-
Currency 
Swaps(2)
Effective
Interest
Rate(3)
Swap
Maturities
Commercial paper
$ 
3,040 
$ 
1,476 
 — 
$ 
— 
 5.47 %
U.S. dollar denominated notes(4)
40,496 
43,504 
 4.06 %
10,125 
 4.71 %
2025-2031
Foreign currency denominated debt
1,886 
1,872 
 2.91 %
1,887 
 4.80 %
2025-2027
Other(5)
(899)
(1,729)
— 
44,523 
45,123 
12,012 
Asia Theme Parks borrowings
1,292 
1,308 
 7.93 %
— 
 5.75 %
Total borrowings
45,815 
46,431 
12,012 
Less current portion
6,845 
4,330 
— 
Total long-term borrowings
$ 38,970 
$ 42,101 
$ 12,012 
(1) The stated interest rate represents the weighted-average coupon rate for each category of borrowings. For floating-rate
borrowings, interest rates are the rates in effect at September 28, 2024; these rates are not necessarily an indication of
future interest rates.
(2) Amounts represent notional values of interest rate and cross-currency swaps outstanding as of September 28, 2024.
(3) The effective interest rate includes the impact of existing and terminated interest rate and cross-currency swaps,
purchase accounting adjustments and debt issuance premiums, discounts and costs.
(4) Includes net debt issuance discounts, costs and purchase accounting adjustments totaling a net premium of $1.6 billion
and $1.8 billion at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively.
(5) Includes market value adjustments for debt with qualifying hedges, which reduces borrowings by $0.9 billion and $1.8
billion at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively.
Bank Facilities and Commercial Paper
At September 28, 2024, the Company’s bank facilities, which are with a syndicate of lenders and support our commercial 
paper borrowings, were as follows:
Committed
Capacity
Capacity
Used
Unused
Capacity
Facility expiring February 2025
$ 
5,250 
$ 
— 
$ 
5,250 
Facility expiring March 2027
4,000 
— 
4,000 
Facility expiring March 2029
3,000 
— 
3,000 
Total
$ 
12,250 
$ 
— 
$ 
12,250 
These facilities allow for borrowings at rates based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), and at other 
variable rates for non-U.S. dollar denominated borrowings plus a fixed spread that varies with the Company’s debt ratings 
assigned by Moody’s Ratings and S&P Global Ratings ranging from 0.655% to 1.225%. The bank facilities contain only one 
financial covenant, relating to interest coverage of three times earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, 
including both intangible amortization and amortization of our film and television production and programming costs. On 
September 28, 2024, the Company met this covenant by a significant margin. The bank facilities specifically exclude certain 
entities, including the Asia Theme Parks, from any representations, covenants or events of default. The Company also has the 
ability to issue up to $500 million of letters of credit under the facility expiring in March 2027, which if utilized, reduces 
available borrowings under this facility. As of September 28, 2024, the Company has $1.6 billion of outstanding letters of 
credit, of which none were issued under this facility.
97

Provision for Income Taxes: Current and Deferred
Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
Current
2024
2023
2022
Federal
$ 
1,393 
$ 
1,475 
$ 
436 
State
237 
402 
282 
Foreign, including foreign withholding taxes
973 
867 
846 
2,603 
2,744 
1,564 
Deferred
Federal
(764)
(1,180)
407 
State
54  
 
4
26 
Foreign
(97)
(189)
(265) 
(807)
(1,365)
168 
Income tax expense on income from continuing operations
1,796 
1,379 
1,732 
Income tax expense on loss from discontinued operations
— 
— 
(14) 
$ 
1,796 
$ 
1,379 
$ 
1,718 
Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
Components of Deferred Tax (Assets) and Liabilities
September 28, 
2024
September 30, 
2023
Deferred tax assets
Net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards(1)
$ 
(3,444) 
$ 
(3,841) 
Accrued liabilities
(1,199) 
(1,335) 
Lease liabilities
(862)
(852)
Licensing revenues
(130)
(115)
Other
(655)
(623)
Total deferred tax assets
(6,290) 
(6,766) 
Deferred tax liabilities
Depreciable, amortizable and other property
6,584 
7,581 
Investment in U.S. entities(2)
1,102 
1,271 
Right-of-use lease assets
692 
751 
Investment in foreign entities
465 
482 
Other
78 
81 
Total deferred tax liabilities
8,921 
10,166 
Net deferred tax liability before valuation allowance
2,631 
3,400 
Valuation allowance
2,991 
3,187 
Net deferred tax liability
$ 
5,622 
$ 
6,587 
(1) Further details on our net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards are as follows:
September 28, 
2024
International Theme Park net operating losses
$ 
1,530 
U.S. foreign tax credits
822 
State net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards
533 
Other
559 
Total net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards(a)
$ 
3,444 
(a) Approximately $2.2 billion of these credits do not expire. Approximately $1.1 billion expire between fiscal 2026
and fiscal 2034, primarily consisting of U.S. foreign tax credits.
(2) Amounts are, in part, due to the tax status of these entities and if the tax status of certain legal entities changes, a
significant portion of this balance may reverse.
100

The following table details the change in valuation allowance for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 (in billions):
Balance at 
Beginning of 
Period
Increases 
(Decreases) to 
Tax Expense
Other Changes
Balance at End 
of Period
Year ended September 28, 2024
$ 
3.2 
$ 
(0.3) 
$ 
0.1 
$ 
3.0 
Year ended September 30, 2023
2.9 
0.2 
0.1 
3.2 
Year ended October 1, 2022
2.8 
0.4 
(0.3) 
2.9 
Reconciliation of the effective income tax rate for continuing operations to the federal rate
2024
2023
2022
Federal income tax rate
 21.0 % 
 21.0 % 
 21.0 % 
State taxes, net of federal benefit(1)
 2.2 
 5.8 
 3.1 
Non-tax deductible impairments
 8.8 
 3.5 
 — 
Foreign derived intangible income
 (3.6) 
 (4.3) 
 (3.4) 
Income tax audits and reserves
 (2.4) 
 1.3 
 2.7 
Tax rate differential on foreign income
 (1.6) 
 0.1 
 4.3 
U.S. research and development credits
 (1.1) 
 (1.1) 
 (0.6) 
Tax impact of equity awards
 0.8 
 2.1 
 — 
Valuation allowance
 (0.6) 
 (1.8) 
 4.5 
Legislative changes
 — 
 — 
 1.7 
Other
 0.2 
 2.3 
 (0.5) 
 23.7 % 
 28.9 % 
 32.8 % 
(1) Fiscal 2023 includes an adjustment related to certain deferred state taxes
Unrecognized tax benefits
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding the related accrual for 
interest and penalties, is as follows:
2024
2023
2022
Balance at the beginning of the year
$ 
2,517 
$ 
2,449 
$ 
2,641 
Increases for current year tax positions
82 
98 
48 
Increases for prior year tax positions
209 
273 
103 
Decreases in prior year tax positions
(423)
(144)
(98) 
Settlements with taxing authorities
(239)
(153)
(235) 
Lapse in statute of limitations
(194)
(6)
(10) 
Balance at the end of the year
$ 
1,952 
$ 
2,517 
$ 
2,449 
Balances at September 28, 2024, September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022 include $1.4 billion, $1.8 billion and $1.9 
billion, respectively, that if recognized, would reduce our income tax expense and effective tax rate. These amounts are net of 
the offsetting benefits from other tax jurisdictions.
At September 28, 2024, September 30, 2023 and October 1, 2022 accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized 
tax benefits were $0.9 billion, $1.0 billion and $1.0 billion, respectively. During fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company 
recorded additional interest and penalties of $157 million, $210 million and $157 million, respectively, and recorded reductions 
in accrued interest and penalties of $151 million, $241 million and $119 million, respectively. The Company’s policy is to 
report interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense.
The Company is generally no longer subject to U.S. federal examination for years prior to 2018. The Company is no 
longer subject to examination in any of its major state or foreign tax jurisdictions for years prior to 2008.
In the next twelve months, it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits could change due to the resolution 
of open tax matters, which would reduce our unrecognized tax benefits by $0.9 billion.
Other
In fiscal 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized income tax expense of $55 million and $93 million, respectively, for 
the shortfall between equity-based compensation deductions and amounts recorded based on the grant date fair value. In fiscal 
101

The Company’s total accumulated pension benefit obligations at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were $15.7 
billion and $13.8 billion, respectively. Approximately 98% was vested as of both September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023.
The accumulated postretirement medical benefit obligations and fair value of plan assets for postretirement medical plans 
with accumulated postretirement medical benefit obligations in excess of plan assets were $1.0 billion and $0.9 billion, 
respectively, at September 28, 2024 and $1.0 billion and $0.8 billion, respectively, at September 30, 2023.
Plan Assets
A significant portion of the assets of the Company’s defined benefit plans are managed in a third-party master trust. The 
investment policy and allocation of the assets in the master trust were approved by the Company’s Investment and 
Administrative Committee, which has oversight responsibility for the Company’s retirement plans. The investment policy 
ranges for the major asset classes are as follows:
Asset Class
Minimum
Maximum
Equity investments
 25 %
 60 %
Fixed income investments
 20 %
 45 %
Alternative investments
 10 %
 30 %
Cash & money market funds
 — %
 10 %
The primary investment objective for the assets within the master trust is the prudent and cost effective management of 
assets to satisfy benefit obligations to plan participants. Financial risks are managed through diversification of plan assets, 
selection of investment managers and through the investment guidelines incorporated in investment management agreements. 
Investments are monitored to assess whether returns are commensurate with risks taken.
The long-term asset allocation policy for the master trust was established taking into consideration a variety of factors that 
include, but are not limited to, the average age of participants, the number of retirees, the duration of liabilities and the expected 
payout ratio. Liquidity needs of the master trust are generally managed using cash generated by investments or by liquidating 
securities.
Assets are generally managed by external investment managers pursuant to investment management agreements that 
establish permitted securities and risk controls commensurate with the account’s investment strategy. Some agreements permit 
the use of derivative securities (futures, options, interest rate swaps, credit default swaps) that enable investment managers to 
enhance returns and manage exposures within their accounts.
Fair Value Measurements of Plan Assets
Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received for selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 
transaction between market participants and is generally classified in one of the following categories of the fair value hierarchy:
Level 1 – Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets
Level 2 – Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in 
markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value 
drivers are observable in active markets
Level 3 – Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value 
drivers are unobservable
Investments that are valued using the net asset value (NAV) (or its equivalent) practical expedient are excluded from the 
fair value hierarchy disclosure. NAV per share is determined based on the fair value using the underlying assets divided by the 
number of units outstanding.
The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets reported at fair value. The methodologies 
used at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 are the same.
Level 1 investments are valued based on reported market prices on the last trading day of the fiscal year. Investments in 
common and preferred stocks and mutual funds are valued based on the securities’ exchange-listed price or a broker’s quote in 
an active market. Investments in U.S. Treasury securities are valued based on a broker’s quote in an active market.
Level 2 investments in government and federal agency bonds and notes (excluding U.S. Treasury securities), corporate 
bonds, mortgage-backed securities (MBS) and asset-backed securities are valued using a broker’s quote in a non-active market 
or an evaluated price based on a compilation of reported market information, such as benchmark yield curves, credit spreads 
and estimated default rates. Derivative financial instruments are valued based on models that incorporate observable inputs for 
the underlying securities, such as interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates.
104

The Company’s defined benefit plan assets are summarized by level in the following tables:
As of September 28, 2024
Description
Level 1
Level 2
Total
Plan Asset Mix
Cash
$ 
19 
$ 
— 
$ 
19 
 — %
Common and preferred stocks(1)
3,377 
— 
3,377 
 18 %
Mutual funds
701 
— 
701 
 4 %
Government and federal agency bonds, notes 
and MBS
2,744 
1,845 
4,589 
 25 %
Corporate bonds
— 
2,111 
2,111 
 11 %
Other mortgage- and asset-backed securities
— 
166 
166 
 1 %
Derivatives and other, net
10 
1 
11 
 — %
Total investments in the fair value hierarchy 
$ 
6,851 
$ 
4,123 
10,974 
Assets valued at NAV as a practical expedient:
Common collective funds
2,380 
 13 %
Alternative investments
4,350 
 24 %
Money market funds and other
745 
 4 %
Total investments at fair value
$ 
18,449 
 100 %
As of September 30, 2023
Description
Level 1
Level 2
Total
Plan Asset Mix
Cash
$ 
68 
$ 
— 
$ 
68 
 — %
Common and preferred stocks(1)
3,517 
— 
3,517 
 22 %
Mutual funds
1,139 
— 
1,139 
 7 %
Government and federal agency bonds, notes 
and MBS
2,025 
442 
2,467 
 15 %
Corporate bonds
— 
750 
750 
 4 %
Other mortgage- and asset-backed securities
— 
120 
120 
 1 %
Derivatives and other, net
— 
12 
12 
 — %
Total investments in the fair value hierarchy 
$ 
6,749 
$ 
1,324 
8,073 
Assets valued at NAV as a practical expedient:
Common collective funds
3,517 
 22 %
Alternative investments
4,352 
 27 %
Money market funds and other
281 
 2 %
Total investments at fair value
$ 
16,223 
 100 %
(1) Includes 2.9 million shares of Company common stock valued at $278 million and 2.9 million shares valued at $235
million at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively.
Uncalled Capital Commitments
Alternative investments held by the master trust include interests in funds that have rights to make capital calls to the 
investors. In such cases, the master trust would be contractually obligated to make a cash contribution at the time of the capital 
call. At September 28, 2024, the total committed capital still uncalled and unpaid was $1.5 billion.
Plan Contributions
During fiscal 2024, the Company made $95 million of contributions to its pension and postretirement medical plans. The 
Company currently does not expect to make material pension and postretirement medical plan contributions in fiscal 2025. 
Final minimum funding requirements for fiscal 2025 will be determined based on a January 1, 2025 funding actuarial valuation, 
which is expected to be received during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025.
105

Estimated Future Benefit Payments
The following table presents estimated future benefit payments for the next ten fiscal years:
Pension
Plans
Postretirement
Medical Plans(1)
2025
$ 
776 
$ 
51 
2026
788 
54 
2027
837 
57 
2028
881 
60 
2029
926 
62 
2030 – 2034
5,199 
335 
(1) Estimated future benefit payments are net of expected Medicare subsidy receipts of $36 million.
Assumptions
Assumptions, such as discount rates, long-term rate of return on plan assets and the healthcare cost trend rate, have a 
significant effect on the amounts reported for net periodic benefit cost as well as the related benefit obligations.
Discount Rate — The assumed discount rate for pension and postretirement medical plans reflects the market rates for 
high-quality corporate bonds currently available. The Company’s discount rate was determined by considering yield curves 
constructed of a large population of high-quality corporate bonds and reflects the matching of the plans’ liability cash flows to 
the yield curves. The Company measures service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along that yield curve to 
the plans’ liability cash flows.
Long-term rate of return on plan assets — The long-term rate of return on plan assets represents an estimate of long-term 
returns on an investment portfolio consisting of a mixture of equities, fixed income and alternative investments. When 
determining the long-term rate of return on plan assets, the Company considers long-term rates of return on the asset classes 
(both historical and forecasted) in which the Company expects the pension funds to be invested. The following long-term rates 
of return by asset class were considered in setting the long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption:
Equity Securities
 6% 
to
 10% 
Debt Securities
 3% 
to
 6% 
Alternative Investments
 6% 
to
 11% 
Healthcare cost trend rate — The Company reviews external data and its own historical trends for healthcare costs to 
determine the healthcare cost trend rates for the postretirement medical benefit plans. The 2024 actuarial valuation assumed a 
7.00% annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered healthcare claims with the rate decreasing in even increments 
over nineteen years until reaching 4.00%.
Sensitivity — A one percentage point change in the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
would have the following effects as of September 28, 2024 and for fiscal 2025:
Discount Rate
Expected Long-Term
Rate of Return On Assets
Increase (decrease)
Benefit
Expense
Projected Benefit 
Obligations
Benefit
Expense
1 percentage point decrease
$ 
222 
$ 
2,430 
$ 
168 
1 percentage point increase
(214)
(2,130)
(168) 
Multiemployer Benefit Plans
The Company participates in a number of multiemployer pension plans under union and industry-wide collective 
bargaining agreements that cover our union-represented employees and expenses its contributions to these plans as incurred. 
These plans generally provide for retirement, death and/or termination benefits for eligible employees within the applicable 
collective bargaining units, based on specific eligibility/participation requirements, vesting periods and benefit formulas. The 
risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are different from single-employer plans. For example:
•
Assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other
participating employers.
•
If a participating employer stops contributing to the multiemployer plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may
become the obligation of the remaining participating employers.
106

•
If a participating employer chooses to stop participating in these multiemployer plans, the employer may be required to
pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan.
The Company also participates in several multiemployer health and welfare plans that cover both active and retired 
employees. Health care benefits are provided to participants who meet certain eligibility requirements under the applicable 
collective bargaining unit.
The following table sets forth our contributions to multiemployer pension and health and welfare benefit plans:
2024
2023
2022
Pension plans
$ 
291 
$ 
316 
$ 
402 
Health & welfare plans
300 
299 
401 
Total contributions
$ 
591 
$ 
615 
$ 
803 
Defined Contribution Plans
The Company has defined contribution retirement plans for domestic employees who began service after December 31, 
2011 and are not eligible to participate in the defined benefit pension plans. In general, the Company contributes from 3% to 
9% of an employee’s compensation depending on the employee’s age and years of service with the Company up to plan limits. 
The Company also has savings and investment plans for which the Company generally matches 50% of employee contributions 
up to plan limits. In fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, the costs of our domestic and international defined contribution plans were 
$408 million, $378 million and $325 million, respectively. 
11 Equity
Dividends
On February 7, 2024, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.45 per share ($0.8 billion) with respect to the 
first half of fiscal 2024, which was paid in July 2024 to shareholders of record as of July 8, 2024.
On November 30, 2023, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.30 per share ($0.5 billion) with respect to 
the second half of fiscal 2023, which was paid in January 2024 to shareholders of record as of December 11, 2023.
The Company did not declare or pay a dividend with respect to fiscal 2022 operations.
Share Repurchase Program
Effective February 7, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase a total of 400 million shares of 
its common stock. During the year ended September 28, 2024, the Company repurchased 28 million shares of its common stock 
for $3.0 billion (excluding the one percent excise tax on stock repurchases imposed by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022). As 
of September 28, 2024, the Company had remaining authorization in place to repurchase approximately 372 million additional 
shares. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date.
The following table summarizes the changes in each component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
(AOCI) including our proportional share of equity method investee amounts:
Market Value
Adjustments
for Hedges
Unrecognized
Pension and 
Postretirement
Medical 
Expense
Foreign
Currency
Translation
and Other
AOCI
AOCI, before tax
Balance at October 2, 2021
$ 
(152)
$
(7,025) 
$ 
(1,047) 
$ 
(8,224) 
Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period
1,098
2,635 
(967)
2,766
Reclassifications of net (gains) losses to net income
(142)
620
—  
 
478
Balance at October 1, 2022
$ 
804 
$ 
(3,770) 
$ 
(2,014) 
$ 
(4,980) 
Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period
(101)
1,594
(2)
1,491
Reclassifications of net (gains) losses to net income
(444)
4
42 
(398) 
Balance at September 30, 2023
$ 
259 
$ 
(2,172) 
$ 
(1,974) 
$ 
(3,887) 
Unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period
(112)
25
119 
32 
Reclassifications of net (gains) losses to net income
(466)
(96)
— 
(562) 
Balance at September 28, 2024
$ 
(319)
$
(2,243) 
$ 
(1,855) 
$ 
(4,417) 
107

September 28, 2024
Intangible assets
Gross
Accumulated 
Amortization
Net
Character/franchise intangibles, copyrights and trademarks
$ 
9,507 
$ 
(3,604) 
$ 
5,903 
MVPD agreements
7,213 
(4,733) 
2,480 
Other amortizable intangible assets
3,493 
(2,929) 
564 
Total intangible assets subject to amortization
20,213 
(11,266) 
8,947 
Indefinite lived intangible assets(1)
1,792 
— 
1,792 
Total intangible assets
$ 
22,005 
$ 
(11,266) 
$ 
10,739 
September 30, 2023
Gross
Accumulated 
Amortization
Net
Character/franchise intangibles, copyrights and trademarks
$ 
10,572 
$ 
(3,551) 
$ 
7,021 
MVPD agreements
8,056 
(4,705) 
3,351 
Other amortizable intangible assets
4,016 
(3,119) 
897 
Total intangible assets subject to amortization
22,644 
(11,375) 
11,269 
Indefinite lived intangible assets(1)
1,792 
— 
1,792 
Total intangible assets
$ 
24,436 
$ 
(11,375) 
$ 
13,061 
(1)
Indefinite lived intangible assets consist of ESPN, Pixar and Marvel trademarks and television FCC licenses.
Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities
September 28,
2024
September 30,
2023
Accounts and accrued payables
$ 
14,796 
$ 
15,125 
Payroll and employee benefits
3,672 
3,061 
Income taxes payable
2,473 
2,276 
Other
129 
209 
$ 
21,070 
$ 
20,671 
112

14 Commitments and Contingencies
Commitments
The Company has various contractual commitments for rights to sports, films and other programming, totaling 
approximately $92.2 billion, including approximately $2.6 billion for available programming as of September 28, 2024. The 
Company also has contractual commitments for the construction of cruise ships, creative talent and employment agreements 
and unrecognized tax benefits. Creative talent and employment agreements include obligations to actors, producers, sports, 
television and radio personalities and executives. Contractual commitments for sports programming rights, other programming 
rights and other commitments including cruise ships and creative talent are as follows:
Fiscal Year:
Sports 
Programming(1)
Other
Programming
Other
Total (2)
2025
$ 
9,806 
$ 
2,787 
$ 
5,025 
$ 
17,618 
2026
9,033 
1,384 
2,723 
13,140 
2027
8,995 
909 
1,566 
11,470 
2028
8,485 
727 
1,195 
10,407 
2029
8,157 
273 
1,155 
9,585 
Thereafter
41,372 
242 
2,949 
44,563 
$ 
85,848 
$ 
6,322 
$ 
14,613 
$ 
106,783 
(1) Primarily relates to rights for NBA, NFL, college football (including bowl games and the College Football Playoff)
and basketball, tennis, soccer, NHL, WNBA, MLB, UFC and golf. Certain sports programming rights have payments
that are variable based primarily on revenues and are not included in the table above.
(2) The table above excludes commitments related to our Star India businesses that are held for sale of approximately
$4.5 billion primarily related to sports programming rights.
Legal Matters
On May 12, 2023, a private securities class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of 
California against the Company, its former Chief Executive Officer, Robert Chapek, its former Chief Financial Officer, 
Christine M. McCarthy, and the former Chairman of the Disney Media and Entertainment Distribution segment, Kareem Daniel 
on behalf of certain purchasers of securities of the Company (the “Securities Class Action”). On November 6, 2023, a 
consolidated complaint was filed in the same action, adding Robert Iger, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, as a 
defendant. Claims in the Securities Class Action include (i) violations of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 
promulgated thereunder against all defendants, (ii) violations of Section 20A of the Exchange Act against Iger and McCarthy, 
and (iii) violations of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against all defendants. Plaintiffs in the Securities Class Action allege 
purported misstatements and omissions concerning, and a scheme to conceal, accurate costs and subscriber growth of the 
Disney+ platform. Plaintiffs seek unspecified damages, plus interest and costs and fees. The Company intends to defend against 
the lawsuit vigorously and filed a motion to dismiss the complaint for failure to state a claim on December 21, 2023. A hearing 
on the motion to dismiss was held on September 27, 2024. The lawsuit is in the early stages and at this time we cannot 
reasonably estimate the amount of any possible loss.
Three shareholder derivative complaints have been filed. The first, in which Hugues Gervat is the plaintiff, was filed on 
August 4, 2023, in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. The second, in which Stourbridge Investments 
LLC is the plaintiff, was filed on August 23, 2023 in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware. And the third, in 
which Audrey McAdams is the Plaintiff, was filed on December 15, 2023, in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of 
California. Each named The Walt Disney Company as a nominal defendant and alleged claims on its behalf against the 
Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Robert Iger; its former Chief Executive Officer, Robert Chapek; its former Chief Financial 
Officer, Christine M. McCarthy; the former Chairman of the Disney Media and Entertainment Distribution segment, Kareem 
Daniel, and ten current and former members of the Disney Board (Susan E. Arnold; Mary T. Barra; Safra A. Catz; Amy L. 
Chang; Francis A. deSouza; Michael B.G. Froman; Maria Elena Lagomasino; Calvin R. McDonald; Mark G. Parker; and 
Derica W. Rice). Along with alleged violations of Sections 10(b), 14(a), 20(a), and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities Exchange Act, 
premised on similar allegations as the Securities Class Action, plaintiffs seek to recover under various theories including breach 
of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement and waste. On October 24, 2023, the Stourbridge 
action was voluntarily dismissed and, on November 16, 2023, was refiled in Delaware state court alleging analogous theories of 
liability based on state law. On October 30, 2023, the Gervat action was stayed pending a ruling on the motion to dismiss filed 
in the Securities Class Action. The Stourbridge action was likewise stayed under an order entered December 12, 2023 and the 
McAdams action was stayed under an order entered February 20, 2024. The actions seek declarative and injunctive relief, an 
award of unspecified damages to The Walt Disney Company and other costs and fees. The Company intends to defend against 
113

these lawsuits vigorously. The lawsuits are in the early stages, and at this time we cannot reasonably estimate the amount of any 
possible loss.
On November 18, 2022, a private antitrust putative class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the 
Northern District of California against the Company on behalf of a putative class of certain subscribers to YouTube TV (the 
“Biddle Action”). The plaintiffs in the Biddle Action asserted a claim under Section 1 of the Sherman Act based on allegations 
that Disney uses certain pricing and packaging provisions in its carriage agreements with virtual multichannel video distributors 
(“vMVPDs”) to increase prices for and reduce output of certain services offered by vMVPDs. On November 30, 2022, a second 
private antitrust putative class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against 
the Company on behalf of a putative class of certain subscribers to DirecTV Stream (the “Fendelander Action”), making similar 
allegations. The Company filed motions to dismiss for failure to state a claim in both the Biddle Action and Fendelander Action 
on January 31, 2023. On September 30, 2023, the court issued an order granting in part and denying in part the Company’s 
motions to dismiss both cases and, on October 13, 2023, the court issued an order consolidating both cases. On October 16, 
2023, plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended putative class action complaint (the “Consolidated Complaint”). The Consolidated 
Complaint asserts claims under Section 1 of the Sherman Act and certain Arizona, California, Florida, Illinois, Iowa, 
Massachusetts, Michigan, Nevada, New York, North Carolina, and Tennessee antitrust laws based on substantially similar 
allegations as the Biddle Action and the Fendelander Action. The Consolidated Complaint seeks injunctive relief, unspecified 
money damages and costs and fees. The Company intends to defend against the lawsuits vigorously and filed a motion to 
dismiss the Consolidated Complaint for failure to state a claim on December 1, 2023. The Company’s motion to dismiss the 
Consolidated Complaint was granted in part and denied in part on June 25, 2024. On September 12, 2024, the Court entered a 
case management order setting, among other dates, Plaintiffs’ deadline to file their class certification motion on March 27, 
2026. The consolidated lawsuit is in the early stages, and at this time we cannot reasonably estimate the amount of any possible 
loss.
On February 20, 2024, a private antitrust lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New 
York against the Company (including affiliates ESPN, Inc., ESPN Enterprises, Inc., and Hulu, LLC), Fox Corporation, and 
Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. (collectively, “Defendants”), by fuboTV Inc. and fuboTV Media Inc. (together, “Fubo”). Fubo 
asserts claims under Section 1 of the Sherman Act, Section 7 of the Clayton Act, and New York antitrust law based on the 
theories that (a) a planned joint venture between ESPN, Inc., Fox Corporation, and Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc., which will 
distribute certain of Defendants’ linear networks to consumers (the “Sports Streaming JV”), will harm competition in alleged 
markets for the licensing of networks that offer live sports content and for streaming live pay tv, (b) certain alleged practices by 
which the Company and Fox Corporation license their networks to vMVPDs as a bundle increase prices and reduce output for 
services offered by vMVPDs, and (c) certain alleged pricing provisions in Defendants’ carriage agreements with YouTube TV 
and Hulu + Live TV, as well as in Hulu + Live TV’s carriage agreements with non-Defendant programmers, increase prices for 
services offered by vMVPDs. On April 8, 2024, Fubo filed a motion for a preliminary injunction against Defendants to prevent 
the formation of the Sports Streaming JV. On April 29, 2024, Fubo filed an amended complaint to add allegations of a 
purported market for “skinny sports bundles”, which Fubo claims the Sports Streaming JV will monopolize after its launch. 
After a hearing on Fubo’s motion for preliminary injunction, the district court granted Fubo’s motion on August 16, 2024, and 
enjoined the launch of the joint venture. On August 19, 2024, Defendants filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of 
Appeals for the Second Circuit from the order for a preliminary injunction. The United States Court of Appeals for the Second 
Circuit has granted Defendants’ motion to expedite the appeal. Fubo further seeks injunctive relief, unspecified money damages 
and costs and fees. On September 26, 2024, the Company filed a motion to dismiss Fubo’s claims brought under Section 1 of 
the Sherman Act and New York antitrust law, unrelated to the joint venture. The district court has set trial on all claims for 
October 6, 2025. The Company intends to defend against the lawsuit vigorously and at this time we cannot reasonably estimate 
the amount of any possible loss.
In May 2024, the Company and NBCU entered into a confidential arbitration to resolve a dispute regarding the 
contractual appraisal process related to the determination of Hulu’s equity fair value, in which the parties seek declaratory 
relief, equitable relief and unspecified damages. See Note 2 for a more detailed discussion of the arbitration and the 
determination of Hulu’s equity fair value.
The Company, together with, in some instances, certain of its directors and officers, is a defendant in various other legal 
actions involving copyright, breach of contract and various other claims incident to the conduct of its businesses. Management 
does not believe that the Company has incurred a probable material loss by reason of any of those actions.
15 Leases
The Company’s operating leases primarily consist of real estate and equipment, including office space for general and 
administrative purposes, production facilities, land, cruise terminals, retail outlets and distribution centers for consumer 
products. The Company also has finance leases, primarily for broadcast equipment and land.
114

Fair Value Measurement at September 30, 2023
Description
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Assets
Investments
$ 
46 
$ 
128 
$ 
— 
$ 
174 
Derivatives
Foreign exchange
— 
1,336 
— 
1,336 
Other
— 
18 
— 
18 
Liabilities
Derivatives 
Interest rate
— 
(1,791) 
— 
(1,791) 
Foreign exchange
— 
(815)
—
(815) 
Other
— 
(13)
—
(13) 
Other
— 
(465)
—
(465) 
Total recorded at fair value
$ 
46 
$ 
(1,602) 
$ 
— 
$ 
(1,556) 
Fair value of borrowings
$ 
— 
$ 
40,123 
$ 
1,333 
$ 
41,456 
The fair value of Level 2 investments are primarily determined based on an internal valuation model that uses observable 
inputs such as stock trading price, volatility and risk free rate.
The fair values of Level 2 derivatives are primarily determined by internal discounted cash flow models that use 
observable inputs such as interest rates, yield curves and foreign currency exchange rates. Counterparty credit risk, which is 
mitigated by master netting agreements and collateral posting arrangements with certain counterparties, had an impact on 
derivative fair value estimates that was not material. The Company’s derivative financial instruments are discussed in Note 17.
Level 2 other liabilities are primarily arrangements that are valued based on the fair value of underlying investments, 
which are generally measured using Level 1 and Level 2 fair value techniques.
Level 2 borrowings, which include commercial paper, U.S. dollar denominated notes and certain foreign currency 
denominated borrowings, are valued based on quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or identical instruments in 
markets that are not active.
Level 3 borrowings include the Asia Theme Park borrowings, which are valued based on the current borrowing cost and 
credit risk of the Asia Theme Parks as well as prevailing market interest rates.
The Company’s financial instruments also include cash, cash equivalents, receivables and accounts payable. The carrying 
values of these financial instruments approximate the fair values.
Non-recurring Fair Value Measure
The Company also has assets that may be required to be recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis. These assets are 
evaluated when certain triggering events occur (including a decrease in estimated future cash flows) that indicate their carrying 
amounts may not be recoverable. In the second and fourth quarters of fiscal 2024 and the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, the 
Company recorded impairment charges as disclosed in Notes 4 and 18. Fair value was determined using estimated discounted 
future cash flows, which is a Level 3 valuation technique (see Note 2 for a discussion of the more significant inputs used in our 
discounted cash flow analysis).
Credit Concentrations
The Company monitors its positions with, and the credit quality of, the financial institutions that are counterparties to its 
financial instruments on an ongoing basis and does not currently anticipate nonperformance by the counterparties.
The Company does not expect that it would realize a material loss, based on the fair value of its derivative financial 
instruments as of September 28, 2024, in the event of nonperformance by any single derivative counterparty. The Company 
generally enters into derivative transactions only with counterparties that have a credit rating of A- or better and requires 
collateral in the event credit ratings fall below A- or aggregate exposures exceed limits as defined by contract. In addition, the 
Company limits the amount of investment credit exposure with any one institution.
The Company does not have material cash and cash equivalent balances with financial institutions that have below 
investment grade credit ratings and maintains short-term liquidity balances in high quality money market funds. At 
September 28, 2024, the Company’s balances (excluding money market funds) with individual financial institutions that 
exceeded 10% of the Company’s total cash and cash equivalents were 24% of total cash and cash equivalents. At September 30, 
117

2023, the Company had no balances (excluding money market funds) with financial institutions that exceeded 10% of the 
Company’s total cash and cash equivalents.
The Company’s trade receivables and financial investments do not represent a significant concentration of credit risk at 
September 28, 2024 due to the wide variety of customers and markets in which the Company’s products are sold, the dispersion 
of our customers across geographic areas and the diversification of the Company’s portfolio among financial institutions.
17 Derivative Instruments
The Company manages its exposure to various risks relating to its ongoing business operations according to a risk 
management policy. The primary risks managed with derivative instruments are interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk.
The Company’s derivative positions measured at fair value (see Note 16) are summarized in the following tables:
As of September 28, 2024
Current
Assets
Investments/
Other
Assets
Other
Current
Liabilities
Other Long-
Term
Liabilities
Derivatives designated as hedges
Foreign exchange
$ 
273 
$ 
184 
$ 
(164)
$
(149) 
Interest rate
— 
— 
(983)
—
Other
— 
— 
(7)
(1)
Derivatives not designated as hedges
Foreign exchange
110 
2 
(273)
(2)
Other
18 
94 
—  
 
—
Gross fair value of derivatives
401 
280 
(1,427) 
(152) 
Counterparty netting
(330)
(182)
396 
116 
Cash collateral (received) paid
(27)
—
679 
— 
Net derivative positions
$ 
44 
$ 
98 
$ 
(352)
$
(36) 
As of September 30, 2023
Current
Assets
Investments/
Other
Assets
Other
Current
Liabilities
Other Long-
Term
Liabilities
Derivatives designated as hedges
Foreign exchange
$ 
595 
$ 
338 
$ 
(123)
$
(93) 
Interest rate
— 
— 
(1,791) 
— 
Other
12 
6 
— 
— 
Derivatives not designated as hedges
Foreign exchange
384 
19 
(520)
(79)
Other
— 
128 
(13)
—
Gross fair value of derivatives
991 
491 
(2,447) 
(172) 
Counterparty netting
(770)
(262)
900 
132 
Cash collateral (received) paid
(123)
(7)
1,257 
— 
Net derivative positions
$ 
98 
$ 
222 
$ 
(290)
$
(40) 
Interest Rate Risk Management
The Company is exposed to the impact of interest rate changes primarily through its borrowing activities. The Company’s 
objective is to mitigate the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and on the market value of its 
borrowings. In accordance with its policy, the Company targets its fixed-rate debt as a percentage of its net debt between a 
minimum and maximum percentage. The Company primarily uses pay-floating and pay-fixed interest rate swaps to facilitate its 
interest rate risk management activities.
118

The Company designates pay-floating interest rate swaps as fair value hedges of fixed-rate borrowings effectively 
converting fixed-rate borrowings to variable-rate borrowings. The total notional amount of the Company’s pay-floating interest 
rate swaps at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, was $12.0 billion and $13.5 billion, respectively.
The following table summarizes fair value hedge adjustments to hedged borrowings:
Carrying Amount of Hedged 
Borrowings
Fair Value Adjustments Included 
in Hedged Borrowings
September 
28, 2024
September 30, 
2023
September 
28, 2024
September 30, 
2023
Borrowings:
Current
$ 
1,414 
$ 
1,439 
$ 
(10)
$
(59) 
Long-term
10,128 
10,748 
(913)
(1,694)
$ 
11,542 
$ 
12,187 
$ 
(923)
$
(1,753) 
The following amounts are included in “Interest expense, net” in the Consolidated Statements of Income:
2024
2023
2022
Gain (loss) on:
Pay-floating swaps
$ 
799 
$ 
(14)
$
(1,635) 
Borrowings hedged with pay-floating swaps
(799)
14
1,635 
Benefit (expense) associated with interest accruals on pay-floating swaps
(611)
(510)
31 
The Company may designate pay-fixed interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges of interest payments on floating-rate 
borrowings. Pay-fixed interest rate swaps effectively convert floating-rate borrowings to fixed-rate borrowings. The unrealized 
gains or losses from these cash flow hedges are deferred in AOCI and recognized in interest expense as the interest payments 
occur. The Company did not have pay-fixed interest rate swaps that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest payments 
at September 28, 2024 or at September 30, 2023, and gains and losses related to pay-fixed interest rate swaps recognized in 
earnings for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were not material.
Foreign Exchange Risk Management
The Company transacts business globally and is subject to risks associated with foreign currency exchange rates. The 
Company’s objective is to reduce earnings and cash flow fluctuations associated with changes in foreign currency exchange 
rates, enabling management to focus on core business operations.
The Company enters into option and forward contracts to protect the value of its existing foreign currency assets, 
liabilities, firm commitments and forecasted but not firmly committed foreign currency transactions. In accordance with policy, 
the Company hedges its forecasted foreign currency transactions for periods generally not to exceed four years within an 
established minimum and maximum range of annual exposure. The gains and losses on these contracts offset changes in the 
U.S. dollar equivalent value of the related forecasted transaction, asset, liability or firm commitment. The principal currencies 
hedged are the euro, Canadian dollar, Japanese yen, British pound and Chinese yuan. Cross-currency swaps are used to 
effectively convert foreign currency denominated borrowings into U.S. dollar denominated borrowings.
The Company designates foreign exchange forward and option contracts as cash flow hedges of firmly committed and 
forecasted foreign currency transactions. As of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the notional amounts of the 
Company’s net foreign exchange cash flow hedges were $9.9 billion and $8.3 billion, respectively. Mark-to-market gains and 
losses on these contracts are deferred in AOCI and are recognized in earnings when the hedged transactions occur, offsetting 
changes in the value of the foreign currency transactions. Net deferred gains recorded in AOCI for contracts that will mature in 
the next twelve months total $99 million. The following table summarizes the effect of foreign exchange cash flow hedges on 
AOCI:
2024
2023
2022
Gain (loss) recognized in Other Comprehensive Income
$ 
(97)
$
(136)
$
1,093 
Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into the Statement of Operations(1)
472
446
116 
(1) Primarily recorded in revenue.
The Company may designate cross-currency swaps as fair value hedges of foreign currency denominated borrowings. The
impact from the change in foreign currency on both the cross-currency swap and borrowing is recorded to “Interest expense, 
net”. The impact from interest rate changes is recorded in AOCI and is amortized over the life of the cross-currency swap. As of 
both September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the total notional amount of the Company’s designated cross-currency swaps 
119

18 Restructuring and Impairment Charges
A summary of restructuring and impairment charges is as follows:
2024
2023
2022
Star India - see Note 4 
$ 
1,545 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
Goodwill
1,287 
721 
— 
Content
187 
2,577 
— 
Other
576 
594 
237 
Restructuring and impairment charges
$ 
3,595 
$ 
3,892 
$ 
237 
Star India
In fiscal 2024, we recorded non-cash impairment charges totaling $1.5 billion related to the Star India Transaction.
Goodwill
In the second quarter of fiscal 2024, as a result of Star India assets and liabilities being classified as held for sale, they 
were removed from the entertainment goodwill reporting units along with a proportional amount of goodwill. As a result, we 
evaluated the residual goodwill at our entertainment DTC services and linear networks reporting units for impairment. Star 
sports was a standalone reporting unit which did not have any goodwill.
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, the Company performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test as part of our annual 
goodwill impairment assessment.
These evaluations resulted in non-cash goodwill impairment charges of $0.7 billion and $0.6 billion at our entertainment 
linear networks reporting unit in the second and fourth quarters of fiscal 2024, respectively. Goodwill was not impaired at the 
entertainment DTC services reporting unit.
In addition, as a result of our annual goodwill impairment assessment in fiscal 2023, we recorded non-cash goodwill 
impairment charges related to our entertainment and international sports linear networks reporting units of $0.7 billion.
Content
We recorded charges of $0.2 billion and $2.6 billion, in fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, respectively, as a result of our 
strategic changes in approach to content curation. The fiscal 2024 charges related to the removal of produced content from our 
entertainment linear networks and DTC services. The fiscal 2023 charges included $2.0 billion related to the removal of 
produced content from our entertainment DTC services and $0.6 billion related to the termination of certain third-party license 
agreements for the right to use content primarily on our entertainment DTC services. We paid approximately $0.4 billion of 
cash to terminate these license agreements.
Other
In fiscal 2024, the Company recorded charges of $0.3 billion for asset impairments at our retail business, $0.2 billion for 
impairments of equity investments and $0.1 billion of severance. In fiscal 2023, the Company recorded charges of $0.4 billion 
of severance, $0.1 billion for impairment of an equity investment and $0.1 billion for exiting our businesses in Russia. In fiscal 
2022, the Company recorded charges of $0.2 billion, primarily due to asset impairments related to exiting our businesses in 
Russia.
19 New Accounting Pronouncements and Other Disclosure Rules
Improvements to Reportable Segments Disclosures
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance to enhance reportable segment 
disclosures by requiring the disclosure of significant expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker 
(CODM) and included in the segment’s measure of profit or loss. It also requires an explanation of how the CODM uses the 
segment’s measure of profit or loss to assess segment performance and allocate resources. The guidance is effective for the 
Company for annual periods beginning in fiscal year 2025 and for interim periods beginning in fiscal year 2026 and requires 
retrospective adoption. The Company is currently assessing the impacts of the new guidance on its financial statement 
disclosures.
121

Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
In December 2023, the FASB issued guidance to enhance income tax disclosures. The new guidance requires an expanded 
effective tax rate reconciliation, the disclosure of cash taxes paid segregated between U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign, with 
further disaggregation by jurisdiction if certain thresholds are met and eliminates certain disclosures related to uncertain tax 
benefits. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning with the Company’s 2026 fiscal year (with early adoption 
permitted). The Company is currently assessing the impacts of the new guidance on its financial statement disclosures.
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expense
In November 2024, the FASB issued guidance that requires the disclosure of additional information related to certain 
costs and expenses, including amounts of inventory purchases, employee compensation, and depreciation and amortization 
included in each income statement line item. The guidance also requires disclosure of the total amount of selling expenses and 
the Company’s definition of selling expenses. The guidance is effective for the Company for annual periods beginning in fiscal 
year 2028 and for interim periods beginning in fiscal year 2029. The Company is currently assessing the impacts of the new 
guidance on its financial statement disclosures.
Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-Related Disclosures
In March 2024, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted new rules that will require disclosure of:
•
Certain climate-related information including climate-related risks, targets, and goals that are reasonably likely to have
a material impact, as applicable, on a company’s strategy, business, results of operations or financial condition;
•
Certain greenhouse gas emissions, if material; and
•
Certain financial information regarding the effects of severe weather events and other natural conditions within the
notes to the financial statements
The new rules are applicable to annual reporting periods and will be phased in beginning with the Company’s 2026 fiscal 
year. In April 2024, given pending legal challenges, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued an order to voluntarily 
stay the new rules. 
122

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Mary T. Barra
Robert A. Iger
Robert A. Iger
Chair and Chief Executive Officer
Chief Executive Officer
Chief Executive Officer
General Motors Company
The Walt Disney Company
Hugh F. Johnston
Amy L. Chang
Maria Elena Lagomasino
Senior Executive Vice President and
Former Executive Vice President
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner
Chief Financial Officer
Cisco Systems, Inc.
WE Family Offices
Horacio E. Gutierrez
D. Jeremy Darroch
Calvin R. McDonald
Senior Executive Vice President,
Former Executive Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Chief Legal and Compliance Officer
Group Chief Executive Officer
lululemon athletica inc.
Sky
Sonia L. Coleman
Mark G. Parker*
Senior Executive Vice President and
Carolyn N. Everson
Chairman of the Board
Chief Human Resources Officer
Former President
The Walt Disney Company
Instacart
Executive Chairman
Kristina K. Schake
NIKE, Inc.
Senior Executive Vice President and
Michael B. G. Froman
Chief Communications Officer
President
Derica W. Rice
Council on Foreign Relations
Former Executive Vice President
CVS Health Corporation
James P. Gorman
Former Executive Chairman
Morgan Stanley
*As of the end of fiscal 2024. Departed January 2, 2025. 
James P. Gorman
STOCK EXCHANGE
Chairman of the Board
Disney common stock is listed for trading 
on the New York Stock Exchange under 
the ticker symbol DIS.
The Walt Disney Company
Effective January 2, 2025
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT
Computershare
Attention: Disney Shareholder Services
P.O. Box 43013
Providence, RI   02940-3013
Phone: 1-855-553-4763
E-Mail:
disneyshareholder@computershare.com
Internet:
www.disneyshareholder.com
A copy of the Company’s annual report 
filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (Form 10-K) will be 
furnished without charge to any 
shareholder upon written request to the 
name and address listed above.