Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the 
“DGCL”), the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws (as each may be amended from time to time), (iv) any action or 
proceeding as to which the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of 
the State of Delaware, (v) or any action or proceeding asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The choice of 
forum provision may increase costs to bring a claim, discourage claims or limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a 
judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or the Company’s directors, officers or other employees, 
which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company or the Company’s directors, officers and other employees. 
Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in the Company’s amended and restated bylaws to 
be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the Company may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in 
other jurisdictions. The exclusive forum provision in the Company’s amended and restated bylaws will not preclude or contract 
the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for actions brought under the federal securities laws including the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the respective rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder.
ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
The Company has received no written comments regarding its periodic or current reports from the staff of the SEC that 
were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of fiscal 2024 that remain unresolved.
ITEM 1C. Cybersecurity
Risk Management and Strategy
We have implemented processes for assessing, identifying and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats as part 
of our overall risk management program. Our cybersecurity program is informed by the National Institute of Standards and 
Technology Cybersecurity Framework as well as other globally recognized standards. We use a layered defense model, 
incorporating a wide range of technologies and practices in an effort to prevent, detect and mitigate threats. These measures 
include intrusion detection and prevention systems, multi-factor authentication, encryption and endpoint protection tools. We 
also implement threat detection and response solutions. To address emerging threats, we employ automated monitoring, 
vulnerability scans and patch management processes. Regular assessments, such as penetration tests, security audits and table-
top exercises, are conducted to identify vulnerabilities and promote incident response and risk mitigation. We also provide 
privacy and information security trainings for our employees on a recurring basis. From time to time, we engage assessors, 
consultants and other third parties to assist with assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risks, including assisting us 
to conduct some of the foregoing assessments. Our cybersecurity risk management processes also are informed by intelligence 
received from recognized cybersecurity industry experts and other third-party sources, and as appropriate we engage outside 
counsel to advise on regulatory compliance and other cybersecurity risk management efforts.
In addition, we have processes designed to oversee and identify cybersecurity risks associated with our use of third-party 
service providers. Where appropriate based on the data and intellectual property to which these providers are reasonably 
expected to have access, we conduct security assessments and due diligence reviews of third-party systems for compliance with 
our security standards, and we include data protection language in our agreements with these third parties.
Further, as part of our cybersecurity risk management processes, we maintain an incident response plan (IRP) that 
establishes a set of procedures for reporting and handling cybersecurity events. The IRP delegates to an internal incident 
response team the initial assessment, investigation and remediation of the event and includes, among other procedures, 
guidelines for escalation to senior management and engagement with law enforcement. In certain instances, events are escalated 
to the Cybersecurity Incident Disclosure Subcommittee, which is a subcommittee of the Company’s Risk Management 
Committee (RMC) (discussed further below) and is responsible for, among other things, the accurate and timely disclosure of 
27

material cybersecurity incidents under the federal securities laws, including making the materiality determination and approving 
related securities disclosures.
As discussed in further detail in Item 1A – Risk Factors, the Company faces an increasingly challenging cybersecurity 
environment, and from time to time the persistent efforts of bad actors to gain unauthorized access to our and our service 
providers’ information systems and our confidential and proprietary information are successful. In fiscal 2024, we did not 
identify any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business 
strategy, results of operations or financial condition. However, despite our efforts, we cannot eliminate all risks from 
cybersecurity threats or provide assurances that we have not experienced undetected cybersecurity incidents or will not discover 
additional information about previously detected events.
Governance
The Company’s Board of Directors has delegated to the Audit Committee oversight responsibility for information 
technology risks, including cybersecurity and data security risks and mitigation strategies. The Audit Committee at least 
annually receives reports from the Senior Vice President, Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) concerning the Company’s 
cybersecurity and data security risks, including ongoing efforts to prevent, detect, monitor, remediate and manage such 
cybersecurity threats, the threat environment, incident updates and emerging cybersecurity practices and technologies. The 
Chair of the Audit Committee reports on its discussion, including concerning cybersecurity matters, to the full Board. In 
addition, from time to time, senior management briefs the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee Chair and the Board on 
cybersecurity matters potentially of interest, including cybersecurity events, regulatory disclosures and regulatory trends. 
Day-to-day management of our information security strategy and operations is currently the responsibility of our CISO, 
who reports into our Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining the Company, our CISO held senior leadership roles in various 
other organizations, including as CISO for a publicly traded, global retailer and as a consultant advising organizations on 
information security strategy, and as a Special Agent with the U.S. Secret Service focusing on electronic crimes. That 
experience is supplemented by the collective experience and expertise of our dedicated internal teams of cybersecurity 
personnel.   
In addition, the Company’s RMC, a management level committee that includes, among others, the Chief Financial Officer 
and Chief Legal and Compliance Officer, oversees and supports the Company’s ongoing efforts to identify, assess and 
prioritize, manage and monitor the Company’s enterprise risks, including risks related to privacy and cybersecurity, and 
periodically reports certain discussions to the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Audit Committee. The RMC’s 
Cybersecurity Incident Disclosure Subcommittee, whose members include the members of the RMC, the CISO and lead 
securities counsel, is tasked with assessing significant events for materiality, related timely and accurate disclosure under the 
securities laws and, as appropriate, escalating such events to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors.
ITEM 2. Properties
Our parks and resorts locations and other properties of the Company and its subsidiaries are described in Item 1 under the 
caption Experiences. Film and television library properties and television stations owned by the Company are described in 
Item 1 under the caption Entertainment .
28

The Company and its subsidiaries own and lease properties throughout the world. In addition to the properties noted 
above, the table below provides a brief description of other significant properties and the related business segment.
LocationProperty /
Approximate Size Use Business Segment
Burbank, CA & surrounding 
cities(1)Land (201 acres) & Buildings 
(4,733,000 ft2)Owned Office/Production/
Warehouse (includes 240,000 ft2 
leased to third-party tenants)Corporate/Entertainment/
Experiences
Burbank, CA & surrounding 
cities(1)Buildings (1,760,000 ft2) Leased Office/Warehouse Corporate/Entertainment/
Experiences
Los Angeles, CA Land (22 acres) & Buildings 
(599,000 ft2)Owned Office/Production/Technical 
Warehouse Corporate/Entertainment
Los Angeles, CA Buildings (2,434,000 ft2) Leased Office/Production/
Technical/TheaterCorporate/Entertainment/
Experiences
New York, NY Buildings (1,104,000 ft2) Owned Office Corporate/Entertainment/
Sports
New York, NY Buildings (2,202,000 ft2) Leased Office/Production/Theater/
Warehouse (includes 696,000 ft2 
leased to third-party tenants)Corporate/Entertainment/
Experiences/Sports
Bristol, CT Land (117 acres) & Buildings 
(1,078,000 ft2)Owned Office/Production/Technical Sports
Bristol, CT Buildings (273,000 ft2) Leased Office/Warehouse/Technical Sports
Emeryville, CA Land (20 acres) & Buildings 
(430,000 ft2)Owned Office/Production/Technical Entertainment
Emeryville, CA Buildings (94,000 ft2) Leased Office/Storage Entertainment
San Francisco, CA Buildings (536,000 ft2) Leased Office/Production/
Technical/Theater (includes 47,000 
ft2 leased to third-party tenants)Corporate/Entertainment
USA & Canada Land and Buildings (Multiple 
sites and sizes)Owned and Leased Office/ 
Production/Tra

rt-term liquidity balances in high quality money market funds. At 
September 28, 2024, the Company’s balances (excluding money market funds) with individual financial institutions that 
exceeded 10% of the Company’s total cash and cash equivalents were 24% of total cash and cash equivalents. At September 30, 
117

2023, the Company had no balances (excluding money market funds) with financial institutions that exceeded 10% of the 
Company’s total cash and cash equivalents.
The Company’s trade receivables and financial investments do not represent a significant concentration of credit risk at 
September 28, 2024 due to the wide variety of customers and markets in which the Company’s products are sold, the dispersion 
of our customers across geographic areas and the diversification of the Company’s portfolio among financial institutions.
17 Derivative Instruments
The Company manages its exposure to various risks relating to its ongoing business operations according to a risk 
management policy. The primary risks managed with derivative instruments are interest rate risk and foreign exchange risk.
The Company’s derivative positions measured at fair value (see Note 16) are summarized in the following tables:
As of September 28, 2024
Current
AssetsInvestments/
Other
AssetsOther
Current
LiabilitiesOther Long-
Term
Liabilities
Derivatives designated as hedges
Foreign exchange $ 273 $ 184 $ (164) $ (149)  
Interest rate — — (983) —
Other — — (7) (1)
Derivatives not designated as hedges
Foreign exchange 110 2 (273) (2)
Other 18 94 —   —
Gross fair value of derivatives 401 280 (1,427)  (152)  
Counterparty netting (330) (182) 396 116 
Cash collateral (received) paid (27) — 679 — 
Net derivative positions $ 44 $ 98 $ (352) $ (36)  
As of September 30, 2023
Current
AssetsInvestments/
Other
AssetsOther
Current
LiabilitiesOther Long-
Term
Liabilities
Derivatives designated as hedges
Foreign exchange $ 595 $ 338 $ (123) $ (93)  
Interest rate — — (1,791)  — 
Other 12 6 — — 
Derivatives not designated as hedges
Foreign exchange 384 19 (520) (79)
Other — 128 (13) —
Gross fair value of derivatives 991 491 (2,447)  (172)  
Counterparty netting (770) (262) 900 132 
Cash collateral (received) paid (123) (7) 1,257 — 
Net derivative positions $ 98 $ 222 $ (290) $ (40)  
Interest Rate Risk Management
The Company is exposed to the impact of interest rate changes primarily through its borrowing activities. The Company’s 
objective is to mitigate the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows and on the market value of its 
borrowings. In accordance with its policy, the Company targets its fixed-rate debt as a percentage of its net debt between a 
minimum and maximum percentage. The Company primarily uses pay-floating and pay-fixed interest rate swaps to facilitate its 
interest rate risk management activities.
118

The Company designates pay-floating interest rate swaps as fair value hedges of fixed-rate borrowings effectively 
converting fixed-rate borrowings to variable-rate borrowings. The total notional amount of the Company’s pay-floating interest 
rate swaps at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, was $12.0 billion and $13.5 billion, respectively.
The following table summarizes fair value hedge adjustments to hedged borrowings:
Carrying Amount of Hedged 
BorrowingsFair Value Adjustments Included 
in Hedged Borrowings
September 
28, 2024September 30, 
2023September 
28, 2024September 30, 
2023
Borrowings:
Current $ 1,414 $ 1,439 $ (10) $ (59)  
Long-term 10,128 10,748 (913) (1,694)
$ 11,542 $ 12,187 $ (923) $ (1,753)  
The following amounts are included in “Interest expense, net” in the Consolidated Statements of Income:
2024 2023 2022
Gain (loss) on:
Pay-floating swaps $ 799 $ (14) $ (1,635)  
Borrowings hedged with pay-floating swaps (799) 14 1,635 
Benefit (expense) associated with interest accruals on pay-floating swaps (611) (510) 31 
The Company may designate pay-fixed interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges of interest payments on floating-rate 
borrowings. Pay-fixed interest rate swaps effectively convert floating-rate borrowings to fixed-rate borrowings. The unrealized 
gains or losses from these cash flow hedges are deferred in AOCI and recognized in interest expense as the interest payments 
occur. The Company did not have pay-fixed interest rate swaps that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest payments 
at September 28, 2024 or at September 30, 2023, and gains and losses related to pay-fixed interest rate swaps recognized in 
earnings for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were not material.
Foreign Exchange Risk Management
The Company transacts business globally and is subject to risks associated with foreign currency exchange rates. The 
Company’s objective is to reduce earnings and cash flow fluctuations associated with changes in foreign currency exchange 
rates, enabling management to focus on core business operations.
The Company enters into option and forward contracts to protect the value of its existing foreign currency assets, 
liabilities, firm commitments and forecasted but not firmly committed foreign currency transactions. In accordance with policy, 
the Company hedges its forecasted foreign currency transactions for periods generally not to exceed four years within an 
established minimum and maximum range of annual exposure. The gains and losses on these contracts offset changes in the 
U.S. dollar equivalent value of the related forecasted transaction, asset, liability or firm commitment. The principal currencies 
hedged are the euro, Canadian dollar, Japanese yen, British pound and Chinese yuan. Cross-currency swaps are used to 
effectively convert foreign currency denominated borrowings into U.S. dollar denominated borrowings.
The Company designates foreign exchange forward and option contracts as cash flow hedges of firmly committed and 
forecasted foreign currency transactions. As of September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the notional amounts of the 
Company’s net foreign exchange cash flow hedges were $9.9 billion and $8.3 billion, respectively. Mark-to-market gains and 
losses on these contracts are deferred in AOCI and are recognized in earnings when the hedged transactions occur, offsetting 
changes in the value of the foreign currency transactions. Net deferred gains recorded in AOCI for contracts that will mature in 
the next twelve months total $99 million. The following table summarizes the effect of foreign exchange cash flow hedges on 
AOCI:
2024 2023 2022
Gain (loss) recognized in Other Comprehensive Income $ (97) $ (136) $ 1,093 
Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into the Statement of Operations(1)472 446 116 
(1)Primarily recorded in revenue.
The Company may designate cross-currency swaps as fair value hedges of foreign currency denominated borrowings. The
impact from the change in foreign currency on both the cross-currency swap and borrowing is recorded to “Interest expense, 
net”. The impact from interest rate changes is recorded in AOCI and is amortized over the life of the cross-currency swap. As of 
both September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the total notional amount of the Company’s designated cross-currency swaps 
119

was Canadian $1.3 billion ($1.0 billion). As of both September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company also had 
Canadian $1.3 billion ($0.9 billion) in cross-currency swaps, which were not designated as hedges and matured in October 
2024. The related gains or losses recognized in earnings for the fiscal years ended 2024, 2023 and 2022 were not material.
Foreign exchange risk management contracts with respect to foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities are not 
designated as hedges and do not qualify for hedge accounting. The net notional amount of these foreign exchange contracts 
(including our non-designated cross-currency swaps) at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 were $3.4 billion and $3.1 
billion, respectively. The following table summarizes the net foreign exchange gains or losses recognized on foreign currency 
denominated assets and liabilities and the net foreign exchange gains or losses on the foreign exchange contracts we entered 
into to mitigate our exposure with respect to foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities by the corresponding line item 
in which they are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income:
Costs and expenses Interest expense, netIncome taxes on continuing 
operations
2024 2023 2022 2024 2023 2022 2024 2023 2022
Net gains (losses) on foreign 
currency denominated assets 
and liabilities $ (63)  $ (37)  $ (685)  $ (6)  $ (15)  $ 82  $ (65)  $ (91)  $ 212 
Net gains (losses) on foreign 
exchange risk management 
contracts not designated as 
hedges (72) (159) 547 (6) 10 (82) 42 64 (208)  
Net gains (losses) $ (135)  $ (196)  $ (138)  $ (12)  $ (5)  $ —  $ (23)  $ (27)  $ 4 
Commodity Price Risk Management
The Company is subject to the volatility of commodities prices, and the Company designates certain commodity forward 
contracts as cash flow hedges of forecasted commodity purchases. Mark-to-market gains and losses on these contracts are 
deferred in AOCI and are recognized in earnings when the hedged transactions occur, offsetting changes in the value of 
commodity purchases. The notional amount of these commodities contracts at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 and 
related gains or losses recognized in earnings for fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022 were not material.
Risk Management – Other Derivatives Not Designated as Hedges
The Company enters into certain other risk management contracts that are not designated as hedges and do not qualify for 
hedge accounting. These contracts, which include certain total return swap contracts, are intended to offset economic exposures 
of the Company and are carried at market value with any changes in value recorded in earnings. The notional amount of these 
contracts at September 28, 2024 and September 30, 2023 wer

cur during such special
celebrations or events. In addition, licensing revenues fluctuate with the timing and performance of our theatrical
releases and cable programming broadcasts.
• Revenues from television networks and stations are subject to seasonal advertising patterns and changes in viewership
levels, including related to certain sporting events. In general, domestic general entertainment linear networks
advertising revenues are typically somewhat higher during the fall and somewhat lower during the summer months,
23

and sports advertising revenues are impacted by the timing of sports seasons and events, which varies throughout the 
year and/or take place periodically.
• Revenues from content sales/licensing fluctuate due to the timing of content releases across various distribution
markets. Release dates and methods are determined by a number of factors, including, among others, competition, and
the timing of vacation and holiday periods.
• DTC revenues fluctuate based on: changes in the number of subscribers, mix of subscribers to different offerings and
subscriber fees; viewership levels; and the demand for sports and film and television content. Each of these is sensitive
to the availability of content, which varies from time to time throughout the year based on, among other things, sports
seasons, content production schedules and sports league work stoppages.
Accordingly, negative impacts on our business occurring during a time of typical high seasonal demand such as our park 
closures due to hurricane damage during the summer travel season or other high seasons, could have a disproportionate effect 
on the results of that business for the year.
Our operations are impacted by our ability to attract and retain employees and costs of employee wages and health, 
welfare and retirement benefits, including postretirement medical benefits for some employees and retirees, may reduce 
our profitability.
With approximately 233,000 employees, the success of our businesses is substantially affected by our ability to attract and 
retain a workforce with the necessary skills for our varied businesses, including executing successfully on succession planning 
for the talent at all levels necessary to advance the Company’s key objectives and strategies. Further, our profitability is 
substantially affected by labor costs, including wages and our health, welfare and retirement benefits, including the costs of 
medical benefits for current employees and the costs of postretirement medical benefits for some current employees and 
retirees. We may experience significant increases in these costs as a result of macroeconomic, regulatory, competitive and other 
factors. For example, labor costs in our parks and resorts have increased, and we expect will continue to increase, as a result of 
collective bargaining agreements and wage laws and regulations where we operate. Further, certain conditions in the healthcare 
industry, such as prolonged workforce shortages or rising prescription drug prices, may lead to an increase in the cost of 
medical insurance and expenses. In addition, for benefits provided to certain employees, changes in asset values, investment 
returns and discount rates used to calculate pension and postretirement medical expense and related assets and liabilities can be 
volatile and may have an unfavorable impact on our costs in some years. These factors may also increase future funding 
requirements for these benefit plans. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in attracting and retaining the human 
resources necessary for the success of our businesses or in limiting cost increases from wages and other employee benefits, 
which could reduce the profitability of our businesses.
We face risks related to costs and expenses in connection with the acquisition of NBC Universal’s (NBCU) equity 
interest in Hulu and the TFCF acquisition.
On November 1, 2023, NBCU exercised its right to require the Company to purchase NBCU’s equity interest in Hulu 
under a put/call arrangement between the parties. The purchase price for NBCU’s equity interest in Hulu will be determined 
based on NBCU’s equity ownership percentage of the greater of Hulu’s equity fair value as of September 30, 2023 based on a 
contractual appraisal process, and a guaranteed floor value. Further, the Company will share with NBCU 50% of the 
Company’s tax benefit from the purchase of NBCU’s interest in Hulu, which payments are expected to be made primarily over 
a 15-year period. In May 2024, the Company and NBCU entered into a confidential arbitration to resolve a dispute regarding 
the contractual appraisal process, in which the parties seek declaratory relief, equitable relief and unspecified damages (see 
Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). In addition, we may incur significant costs and 
expenses in connection with the TFCF acquisition, including costs for which we have established reserves or which may lead to 
reserves in the future. The cost to purchase NBCU’s equity interest in Hulu and related obligations to NBCU and any such other 
costs could negatively impact the Company’s cash position and result in the Company incurring additional indebtedness.
RISKS RELATED TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, CYBERSECURITY AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS
The success of our businesses is highly dependent on the existence and maintenance of intellectual property rights in the 
entertainment products and services we create.
The value to us of our IP is dependent on the scope and duration of our rights as defined by applicable laws in the U.S. 
and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed. Where those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the 
extent or duration of our rights, or if existing laws are changed, our ability to generate revenue from our IP may decrease, or the 
cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. The terms of some copyrights for IP related to some of our products and 
services have expired, including the copyright term for the short film Steamboat Willie (1928) and early versions of characters 
depicted in this film, and other copyrights will expire in the future. For example, in the United States and countries that look to 
the United States copyright term when shorter than their own, the copyright term for early works and the specific early versions 
of characters depicted in those works expires at the end of the 95th calendar year after the date the copyright was originally 
24

secured in the United States. As copyrights expire, we expect that revenues generated from such IP will be negatively impacted 
to some extent.
The unauthorized use of our IP may increase the cost of protecting rights in our IP or reduce our revenues. The 
convergence of computing, communications and entertainment devices, increased broadband internet speed and penetration, 
increased availability and speed of mobile data transmission and increasingly sophisticated attempts to obtain unauthorized 
access to data systems have made the unauthorized digital copying and distribution of our films, television productions and 
other creative works easier and faster and protection and the enforcement of IP rights more challenging. The unauthorized 
distribution and access to entertainment content generally continues to be a significant challenge for IP rights holders. Further, 
the availability of certain AI tools has facilitated the creation of infringing works based on the unauthorized use of our IP. 
Inadequate laws or weak enforcement mechanisms to protect entertainment industry IP in one country can adversely affect the 
results of the Company’s operations worldwide, despite the Company’s efforts to protect its IP rights. Distribution innovations 
have increased opportunities to access content in unauthorized ways. Additionally, negative economic conditions coupled with 
a shift in government priorities could lead to less enforcement. These developments require us to devote substantial resources to 
protecting our IP against unlicensed use and present the risk of increased losses of revenue as a result of unlicensed distribution 
of our content and other commercial misuses of our IP. The legal landscape for some new technologies, including some AI 
tools, remains uncertain, and development of the law in this area could impact our ability to protect against infringing uses.
With respect to IP developed by the Company and rights acquired by the Company from others, the Company is subject to 
the risk of challenges to our copyright, trademark and patent rights by third parties. In addition, the availability of copyright 
protection and other legal protections for IP generated by certain new technologies, such as generative AI, is uncertain. 
Successful challenges to our rights in IP typically result in increased costs for obtaining rights or the loss of the opportunity to 
earn revenue from or utilize the IP that is the subject of challenged rights. From time to time, third parties allege that the 
Company is infringing certain third-party IP rights. Technological changes in industries in which the Company operates and 
extensive patent coverage in those areas increase the risk of such claims being brought and prevailing.
Cybersecurity and other data compromises and/or attempted compromises increase our costs, disrupt our services and 
business plans, lead to the disclosure of our confidential information, including unauthorized use of our intellectual 
property, and negatively impact our reputation.
We maintain information necessary to conduct our business, including confidential and proprietary information as well as 
personal information regarding our customers and employees, in digital form. We also use computer and cloud-based systems 
to deliver our products and services and operate our businesses. Data maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of 
unauthorized access